Apparently he tried to emulate some of Roelly's athletic moves during a guest posing they did together, hurt his knee. 
Kevins starting to strike like a ninja, taking out the competition... now starts the mass of knee injuries
Aesthetics for me pls. Although isn't joofy coming off a show and calum hadn't competed in a while?
Before looking at this, I would have said aesthetics, but I think it would be way more fun to look like Calum. 
Calum every time
Aesthetics, but I wouldn't call Calum unaesthetic, he just isn't cut in this pic.
Anyone else notice the bro hug at the back?
I always wonder what the aliens think of us when they see stuff like this. Also, Calum is a different kind of aesthetic, but still very aesthetic. 
Damn. That back. 
Probably because he competed against guys like Wheeler, Ray, Levrone, Priest, Dillet, Yates, etc.....
He makes an art of what he does.
So smooth and fluid
Didn't know anything about bb'ing and yet is bigger than me.   Gonna crawl into my hole now.
Need to bring back the FAAABUULOOOUUUSSSS poses
The father of bodybuilding has got some truly dad-like posing
Better quality video than the Olympia live stream
So if I had a time machine to travel to 1894, I'd be a world champion level bodybuilder? Damn, I just gotta find that time machine
Bro, if you find one go back in time and invent the lottery.
I was just watching a clip of this on wikipedia two days ago. Amazing to see the beginning of something.
Looks like me when I stretch in the morning.  
He needs to deaload to the bar and work on his form
Natty limit is not the same for all people so there is absolutely no point in wondering what is the true absolute natural limit because that would require elite genetics to achieve (which obviously most people don't have).
You can achieve way more with today's knowledge on training and nutrition
Do you have a good example?  I want to say that Eugene Sandow deserves all credit for bringing a sport I now love into the spotlight, and I can't believe how impressive he must have looked to the general population back then.  But if I dedicate a large part of my life to bodybuilding (naturally), and only end up looking like him, I will feel very let down. i think it's very confusing to understand what the actual limits of the human physique is without vitamin s. It seems steroid accusations are thrown around on everyone, regardless of size.  I don't have any delusions that I can achieve something like Arnold/Ronnie etc. without gear, but is something like Connor Murphy possible? Or Zyzz, Hugh Jackman, Jeff Seid?
Paging u/awinnarisyou, guy looks insane natty
Looked him up now, that guy looks fantastic
thanks
Scott Herman is natural and has overall good physique. With today's weightlifting equipment and nutrition, there's no excuse that you can't look better than Eugene .
No disrespect but Scott looks ok at best, and I think large majority can go beyond that naturaly.I see him mentioned as an example a lot so I had to say it.
Bullshit. I hear this all the time. 'I think Scotts physique is okay but I think i could do better'  Lets see it. Anyone who ever says that Scott looks 'okay' never posts pics of themselves. 
OK at best? Cmon dude he's not cut all year round but he looks better than OK. 
they didn't have bench presses back then, i mean it.
It's crazy how different bodybuilding is now.     This guy is barely as big as me. 
Always mirin Calum catchyalater
god that title 
 idk, but i was kinda taken aback. like, damn what did mark do to that guy?
That grill, super annoying
She looks good in her insta pictures. But on video she just looks.. off? Her face looks so fake. 
Seeing some gains in the clickbait titles by the day.
this guy seriously has some of the best genetics on earth. Insane physique 
Why the hell would you wear an arm bracelet(don't know what it's called) during a back workout..
Gotta confuse the viewers right babe? 
I've only ever corrected form once and it was due to me being scared shit less thus dude was gonna kill himself, but that guy was an a hole 
Ed Coan - the best powerlifter if all time - deadlifted the hybrid of sumo/conventional
Coan has short femurs, and is going to have a narrower stance as a result. He opens his hips fully, it's a sumo stance. Semi sumo is the bastard step child of deadlift stances, and removes all the advantages of both true stances while offering you mediocrity in return
He doesn't deadlift tru sumo and has even said he does the hybrid. When I think of the hybrid its just when ur legs are perpendicular to the ground, instead of diagonal.  
Ed Coan is an anomaly. /u/TheAesir, thoughts on semi-sumo?
Its all leverages. Some people can pull better concentional, sumo, and hybrid
Yeah this is a perfect example of when you should be saying it at the gym, not saving it for Freakout Friday.
Nawh, it happened in the midst of my lateral raises drop sets and he was gone afterward 
KG i hope
Given the dude's description being 230 I doubt he was talking about someone who was 506lbs and benching 407
Could have been 230lb, lifting 185kg. In the UK at least we often use pounds (or stones and pounds) for body weight and kg for lifting weight.
 incline treadmill Netflix cardio is bae if you do LISS
What you get caught up on tho?
If they're anything like me, caught up on the list of all the movies and shows but never actually picked anything to watch.
Wish my gym was 24 hours.  You'd think a national gym with 3 freaking locations in a decent metro area they'd have at least one.  
Why is it that I still care about someone who doesn't care about me. It's so illogical that I can't wrap my head around it and the confusion is so god damn frustrating. At least it makes for great fucking workouts 
Same here dude. But this too shall pass and we'll be even juicer 
I feel this so much man. I keep having to force myself not to seek her out. You're right about the workouts though. In my case, it spurred me to join a gym for the first time. 
Don't focus so much on trying to dehumanize yourself. There's nothing wrong with being attached and it's great that you recognize that it's not a healthy attachment. Instead of trying to figure out an equation that doesn't exist, focus on yourself, distract yourself. The more you occupy your mind, the less they will.
because you can love the person, while realizing they don't recognize similar in you, or aren't willing/able to be on your level, or need something different (not always better or more healthy) than what you offer. unrequited love sucks for sure tho
Fucking sucks my man. Push through it, no one hurts forever.
Haha, my man. Dealing with the same problem, as you said, great workouts come from it.
It'll pass. Slowly and painfully. Keep on lifting. 
People say this but it's been like 3 years for me.
i am so ready to not be falling apart. my shoulder was constantly feeling impinged and uncomfy, but as soon as that started getting fixed up, my hips started acting up, now i have shit to do for that.   can i just get fucking strong now or do i have to keep doing bullshit resistance band PT rehab crap to build all the non-aesthetic muscles i have??  i just want my delts back. pls delts, imy. pls respond
Is this my alt account?  I've the exact same issue that's happening to me and even though I work on my mobility, foam rolling, form etc, every so often I have to take breaks due to all these issues.  Haven't trained since Sunday.
I have had a lot of impingement issues with my shoulders, I really had to take a step back and re examine my form on OHP because that was causing a lot of it. Also watch the athleanX videos on shoulder stretches I found the most useful one to be the one where you stand against a wall and keep your elbows against the wall while you slowly raise your hands up over head, hope this helps you some it helped me.
only option really. why you gotta love the process, not the result.
foam roll your lats, fixed my delt issues within a week.
This, after your back workouts everyone should stretch their lats for 5-10 mins. Super tight lats make for some shitty shoulder mobility, learned this the hard way.
Your use of the word uncomfy made me uncomfy. Hope you figure out your injuries and can get back to getting swole soon
I started Cory Gregory's Squat every day program. It's day 8 and my life revolves around lying incapacitated until I roll myself to the gym and then straight back to bed.
It's very helpful, daily squatting, to reinforce confidence and technique under the bar. It'll get much easier, I guarantee it
You're like a swole Christopher Walken. Christopher Squatten. 
I've seen that type of shit, and offered to help, but I've learned to just stop caring and do your own thing. If I see that shit, I'm de-weighting that bar and putting on real man plates, and if they have issues, they can get lost. 
She comes there to socialize, and have a feeling of accomplishment, so its not a waste of money for her, especially if she is wealthy
My gym is a powerlifting and BB gym. Most people there are regular middle class and the membership cost isn't super cheap especially given that they don't have a sauna/pool/tanning/etc that other gyms in the area have. And most ladies who want to have a social experience take the classes offered. Taking up space to BS in a squat rack is probably more of a risk to life and limb than a good social spot in my gym.
gurrrrrrl, how else you gonna find you a swole ass man to pay them bills so you can sit around eatin peanut butter cup cookies you found on pintrest?
She'd probably have better luck if she looked like she went to the gym. Last time I checked sequins and war paint weren't at the top of most men's lists. 
All three of my gym buddies are completely fucking unreliable. I'll be lucky if I have a buddy two days in a row, yet if I ever say that I'm unavailable I end up being the bad guy because they don't go without me.  The worst part is on bench day, because it means I have to ask other people for a spot and it almost always gets fucked up..
Lifting alone is better IMO. I've found that whenever I lift with other people I'm more likely to end a lift early because they're tired or they want to be done. You can blame your shitty workout on them, but if you're alone and you have a shitty workout it's on you
What I've done is made a couple reliable gym regular friends who usually work out around the same time I do. I can trust them for a spot almost any time I need it. 
lone wolf, only way to go
Having a gym buddy is like putting the safety arms on a squat rack. You can do it, but you really don't need it.
You don't need a spotter to bench. Just use the fear of letting the bar crush your esophagus to propel the weight up.
Suicide grip for max gainz
I used to have this problem years ago. So I learned to have the willpower to lift on my own. I found myself saying "he's taking the day off. I will too." and vice versa. Now, if someone wants to lift with me I tell them the time I'll be there and that I won't be waiting up. 
Track sets, reps, and weight for all exwrcises and lifting cant change with or without em. Thats how i learned to lift alone
Yup. I use the little moleskine notebooks. I draw a star beside the reps / weight if it's a PR. Gotta get them stars.
Lifting alone crew checking in  Come join us
So awake at 5am ready to go to the gym except... I'm sick. Need advil and sleep.
Sleep bub.
5x5 of REM
The gym where I'm deployed at doesn't have a mirror...anywhere...
My uni gym doesn't either. Everyone calls it "the pit". Not a single mirror and there's very few windows (little air flow too). I've just gotten used to it and asked others to form check me if I need it.
Deployed at? Are you in the military?
Front cam on the cell phone broseph.  Use that timer feature.
Haven't been gym since Sunday coz of illness.   I look small.  I feel small.  I am small.  
I haven't missed more than a couple gym days in the last few months and I am still small...
I've had to take a week off due to life and a little sickness, so in addition to those I feel weak as well. Hate it. 
Time to start working on my home gym I guess. What if he knocks on your door and ask if he can squeeze a workout it?
That's not the only thing he's gonna be squeezing in
Here I am thinking occasionally running into an ex at the gym is awkward. 
oh I have a lot to share  1. After two fucking years in the gym, I see the owner for the very first fucking time. Dude has just assigned people to run the gym and has not showed up ever in the past. Atleast at the time when I am working out.  2. There is a guy in his mid 40 who is legit mentally challenged but he is cool, never bothers anyone, asks trainers for help, works out regularly. A bit annoying but nothing too bad. He needs helps to even increase or decrease the speed on the threadmill and most trainers or members help him out. A few days ago, he is walking on the threadmill at a brisk pace and cue this son of a bitch 20 year old who just keeps on increasing the speed because he finds it funny. He increases the speed to the point that the mentally challenged guy is now afraid and screaming for help. WTF. Luckily there is a trainer just next to him and intervenes. He slows down the machine and asks the notorious guy if he has lost his mind and is clearly infuriated as well. But he is a new trainer so he never filled a official complaint and no actions were taken against this guy. I am so infuriated because this is so not right to go and bother an mentally challenged person who you have nothing against. Fuck that young piece of thrash motherfucking son of cunt retarded looking piece of turd son a whore fucking bitchass motherfucker. Mess with me that way and I will punch a hole in your fucking neck and watch you bleed to a painful death you fucking piece of thrash.   3. Hurt my back while picking up dumbells from the rack. The rack at my gym are awkward. You can't deadlift the DBs cuz the upper section of the rack gets in the way. So you have to bend down, lift them with bent arms and then straighten up yourself. Luckily I was only lifting 55lb DBs so I did not get hurt but the right side of my lower back still hurts a bit. I hope the pain goes away by tomorrow. This also means I will be skipping gym today. Fuck.   
That first point is my life goal.  I wanna be the gym owner who doesn't need to constantly be there putting out fires. 
Same here broseph.  The start up capital is brutal though.  Trying to decide whether to go the home equity route, start small and bank on growth, or seek out investors that I'll have to deal with down the road.  Supp/apparel shop and gym.
I'm having some elbow pain while lifting for a week now. I'm starting to think that's tricep tendinitis. Thinking about recovering from it and not being able to lift makes me mad.
Forearm most likely from gripping the bar
Are you taking any fish oils to keep your tendies loose and supple?
Are fish oils different from omega3 capsules?
Give the elbow a break and bring up the skinny legs. 
Probably going to do that. But at the same time I'm close to 90kg for few reps on bench. So damn annoying.
I feel ya. But the bench will be there when you get back. And your legs will be bigger thus creating a more aesthetic physique. 
I feel so bad for the attractive, single, gym savvy females that lift during peak hours.  Counted 12 guys stacked within a 10 foot radius of this poor chick last night.  She couldn't even do her delt fly's without hitting someone.  There were another 60 feet of mirror wide open on the remaining two DB racks and plenty of benches.     Seriously, how do you think this is going to play out?  
I've been back to lifting and working on my body since March and my wife and I are expecting our first baby girl in March 2017. I'm on the right track and am kind of afraid of losing it once the little thunder is here.  Although I'm looking forward to take her with me to the gym. 
My little girl is 10 months old today.  It will be tough.  Almost damn near impossible.  I don't want to scare you, but your little girl will need 24 hours of attention for the first few months.  They'll basically be a bump on a log that needs to be fed every 2 hours (since their stomachs are so small), changed, put to sleep, comforted, etc.  Your wife will be under the most stress she's ever endured.  So if that means you need to take some rest days, do just that.  Let me know if you need any advice, because I am in no way an expert on this shit.
You'd be surprised.  Sadly surprised.  My wife is a cop, and I'm a fire fighter.  You see and hear of some pretty horrific shit involving shitty parents and babies.
Oh I've seen it too... fuckkng disgusting some people, but they know what they are doing, they just don't give a shit
There are waaaaay too many people that lack situational awareness. It usually just doesn't affect us as much as at the gym. Driving is also annoting because of this.
I guess it's time to increase flexibility.
I've been working out for 3 years and went from skinny 143lbs to 216lbs, but I still haven't gotten to a point where I would be satisfied with my size and want to get leaner without looking skinny again. No matter how big I feel after measuring myself it sure as hell doesn't show it in the mirror. I'm losing my mind looking up new programs to try to get bigger. Being tall is no joke (6'3) might look cool but the time it takes to put on muscle is fucking ridiculous. My stupid arm measures 17" but looks like it's barely 16". Being tall with shitty genetics/muscle insertions is no joke.
Coworker keeps saying how skinny I am and that I have no muscle mass, knowing that it bothers me. I don't think it's particularly true. She's gained 30lbs since we started work together. Fuck people who don't care about their bodies but feel free to critique others. Hit bodyweight for 13 reps last night on bench thinking about that conversation.
This is harassment. Talk to her manager about it.
"I really hate being skinny. I wish I looked more like you."
Nice squat warmup stats, really easy for someone who doesn't have all this muscle mass to move around.  
BRUH.
You can't say that and not post any pics.. Height, weight?
Possibly pics later, out running errands now. I'm 6'3" and 233lbs though. 
Now i want to see them even more
what method tho
DXA. 
Not sure if you have access to one thru gym etc but I have heard great things about reverse hyper machines for helping back problems, figured it was worth a mention
Squatted a new rep PR yesterday which was great but then my back started to ache really bad afterwards. My form is usually pretty good but I figured that if I just get stricter with it it would be fine.   NOPE. Turns out the aching is because I had the beginnings of a fever and now I'm bed ridden and desperately need anti-biotics.   Last time I had a fever this bad, I ended up losing 20lbs because I couldn't eat. Not letting it get that bad again. No way Jose.   Fuck this. 
Gonna check the PO box for muh raws after work... so I'm freaking out to know if there there, but it's only been a week so I should know better
It's like Christmas where you hope the Feds don't show up....so yeah, just like Christmas...  May your raws be pure and the gains be real.
Wheymen brother
Turned my ankle before a 5km run while stretching this morning. While I was stretching my quad hopping on one leg, I thought a lizard was scrambling up my leg. I jumped, not wanting to squish the poor thing. Turns out it was a branch. The real fucker about this situation is that I run 5km to get to the gym, so it's now a 50 minute limp away, instead of a 25-30 minute run.   Looks like I'll be swimming every day instead. 
That one guy who goes to my uni gym and lifts literally no weights, wears the same white tank top over and over. He takes up a squat rack shoulder pressing the bar then starts trying to pull off mens physique poses like wtf. The other day I had to wait for him to get off the incline press machine doing literally no additional weight ... I can lift that with my fucking pinky. Going to make this kid go to a new gym real soon. Plus on tren test cycle rn so that isn't helping my temper
RIP gains, finally going to the gym after 2 weeks, cause of injury, was on good track on progressing. I hope it won't be that bad
This fucking motherfucker at my gym whistles the whole god damn time he's working out. Warming up, resting, mid set, doesn't fucking matter to him. 
Guy in the gym was kicking the weighted barbell racks, not just like tae kwon do kicks but he would kick it with his heel as well for no apparent reason. It was one of the dumbest things ive ever seen.  
Why the hell do international students stand so damn close when waiting for a cable/machine at the gym? Back the fuck up, I'll flag you down when I'm done, oh and I'm doing an extra drop set now because I kind of hate you for interrupting my last set. 
Chicken thighs over breasts 10/10 
Silly question. Can you cook chicken thighs in a pan like chicken breast or is an oven the only way?  Any techniques/ good ways to cook thighs??
what macros dyou use for thighs? when i get them from the butchers, there so much fat and its impossible to trim all of it
i use the generic one at that is the below.   Chicken - Chicken Thighs, Boneless, Skinless, 4 oz (112g) 132 calories 0 carbs 4 fats 24 protein.  found on myfitnesspal. as long as you use the same one you can adjust how much if you go up or down weight. i bough all mine from the butcher as well and trim at home. just be consistent and you'll be fine. 
Uncooked right? I remember when i first bought chicken thighs instead of breast I was so put off by the amount of fat I could see. Those macros look pretty good, i usually struggle to hit fats anyways
....only if boneless. 
...and only when bulking. 
I've been on a cut for around 3 months now. I eat thighs almost every day. I'll never go back to breasts. 
Is it the flavour you prefer? I find it has a bit more character to it, not as bland.  I just prefer not to eat it when cutting because of the extra fat. 
Yes. I generally find them more appetizing as well even when compared to a correctly cooked(juicy, flavorful) breast. I also don't mind the extra fat. I tend to keep my fats higher than what I commonly see when people talk about their macros and such. It's just how I prefer to eat. 
Yep.  Same food same measurements and pretty close to same amount of water.  If you're not consistent you can't know what is working and what isn't.    Also it makes meal prep easy and time efficient and I'm lazy.  
For the most part, ya. I rotate through a few different "sides"/little snacks every once in a while to mix it up.
I prefer eating the same thing everyday, it makes the day more predictable and planable, yes I am autistic.
I eat at least 7 times a day. 6 of those are the same meal but I may use a different spice or sauce/ flavour of the same food. 
Guilty. My lunch that I take to work consists of 2 cups vanilla Greek yogurt, 1 cottage cheese, 2 packs of chicken of the sea lemon pepper flavored pink salmon, and 1 protein bar. I have a scoop of whey in the morning when I get done at the gym, and a protein bar on the way to work. I work 6 days a week so it's not uncommon for me to just continually eat the same thing  
Literally eat the same cereal, same shakes, same lunches and same snacks every day. Change it up on weekends. I eat the same dinner throughout the week too which rotates through about 4 varieties week to week.   So easy to track macros though so I love it. 
i eat chicken,eggs,oats every day ever since i started lifting.When i get bored i just switch between ommelete,boiled,fried eggs, and baked/overnight/porridge oats
Lunch is always "dinner from last night".   Dinner varies,  but breakfast,  and the other snacks are the same..   The "eggs again"  comment at work gets annoying..      
I have to switch up everything or else that's when I get major cravings. If you're making gains and don't mind eating the same thing every day then I'm jealous. 
Salmon burgers are great, avocado stuffed burgers are great, avocado pizza isn't too shabby either. 
Someone on keto??
Nah, just cooking all kinds of stuff on this bulk 
Bruh make circular turkey burgers (look like a donut), and crack an egg into the middle.  Sex on a bun
Turkey dill burgers ain't bad either.      Pound of ground turkey, 1  egg, a few dill pickles diced up small,  some fresh dill,  and a half cup of panko..    Mix together in large bowl,  then fry in bacon grease
That sounds good.  Not related but my dad made some pork chops the other day.  Smothered in a stone ground brown mustard, seasoned and coated in bread crumbs.   I feel like they would have been good even without the bread crumbs if just baked off.   The mustard gave a really good flavor. I was shocked.   I'm gonna try your turkey burger recipe. Minus the bacon grease. Ill probably use olive oil. Haha. 
I think anything fried in bacon grease "ain't bad" 
Whats a good hot sauce that I can put on chicken and rice - dont really like franks unless its on wings and im in the UK. Been using some chipotle mexican sauce but ran out so pls give me suggestions.
not sure how strict you are with tracking, but the salsa from sainsburys tastes really good and it only adds about 30 kcal 
Not usually a fan of salsa but ill give it a try
this is different to the normal salsas you get, its more like just freshly cut tomatoes and stuff
Sriracha Sauce
How hot is it compared to franks? Can only really get just hotter than that before I start getting annoyed at my pussy tastebubs not being able to handle heat.
Its more flavor than heat, really. Probably a just slightly more heat than franks.
I'm african, so it's basically ketchup. 
Is Halo Top overrated in this sub or is Vanilla Bean their worst flavor?
It's overrated.  If you're cutting and you're craving ice cream, it'll do. But the texture is really off and there are much better low calorie ice cream options (Edy's slow churned).
Has anyone tried the new flavors? Still trying to find them thangs.   Vanilla is def the worst. Best I've had are mint and, of course, birthday cake. 
Nuke it for 10-15secs dude
The pistachio and peanut butter flavors are really good
The new oatmeal cookie flavor makes me wish they sold it by the 55 gallon drum so I could bathe myself in it and lick myself clean afterwards. 10/10
Where did you get it? I've been trying to find it, but their website sucks for locating (lists stores that don't carry it, doesn't list stores where I've found it).
New flavors are as close you'll get to the real deal without hating yourself. Just let it melt for 10 minutes or so before you start eating it or it'll be chunky/unpleasant.
Get the new flavours dude 
worst flavor, only one ever left at my local store after the run out of the good shit 
Anyone has a new recipe for eating 10 egg whites? Preferably something easy to make and eat within 30 minutes? That's all the time I get between coming home from gym and leaving for class
Bake them in a pie tin with veggies/meats/fats (cheese) the night before. Reheats just fine and it's super tasty.
Omelette type stuff, and I also saw somewhere that the result of mixing egg whites with whey protein can be used as "pancake batter" so maybe try that?
Ask goob 
Scramble. Plate. Curry powder and sriracha.  
Add spinach.   Add salsa.   Add something low cal that has flavor. Mushrooms, onions, garlic.   Eggs cook super quickly if you let the pan get to actual temp first. Like.. drop eggs in, stir them around and take off the burner to plate fast. The rest is prepping for flavor.
What are your favorite overnight oats recipes? 
1 cup oats  2 tbsp pb  1 cup milk  1 slices banana  2 scoops chocolate protein powder  Roughly 1k cal and 60g protein
oats,milk,yogurt,cottage cheese,whey,pb,banana
ate a shit ton of pizza last night and threw it up cause im on a cut
What's your calf routine?
I blame my parents. I'm fast A F doe.
Yeah I usually last a couple seconds too
Well, I have 17" calves and I never work them out. 
Did you guys know that they had genetics back in the 50s?? OP didn't know
Steve Reeves wasn't natural, bubba. 
He was natural, until the late 60s far in his acting career when he was getting old and needed some assistance .  Don't worry, I checked. When he filmed Hercules, he was rocking the same physique you see here, naturally.
Sounds true, Americans weren't even aware of the existence Steroids until 1958. I think the earliest found evidence of testosterone supplements was back in the 56 Olympics.
godlike genetics
 I'm black 
BBC genetics tho
i dont think size matters after a point. If its proportionate the definition is the winner. My calves are average-below average(im a narrow lamppost dude), but over the years it looks like i have little butt cheeks on my lowerlegs if i flex them
Dat calf-ass
Now I'm even more depressed than I already was. 
I was blessed with large calves. However cutting fat is the hardest thing ever. Count your blessings. 
I have 18 inch calves naturally too... I only do 6 sets of calve raises per week. its just genetics
Great calves for his time, he worked his ass off to get them to that size. 
I keep saying it but calves are neglected. How many people do you see actually working them regularly at your gym? In most splits I see calves getting one maybe two exercises once or twice a week.  Compare that to the number of sets back, chest or quads get. Compound this with the fact that they already require a lot of weight to stimulate since you use them all the time. Then toss in the fact that people bounce a lot when training their calves.  Genetics my ass, just lack of technique, form and regiment.
Yeah I guess Ronnie Coleman had mediocre calves despite being massive everywhere else because he just wasn't trying.
It's predominantly genetics. Yes, training will help a little, but you gotta have some pretty sweet mom and pop serum in order to actually be at any sort of advantage to the size and shape.
That and I read that calves have overall very little muscle mass potential than other muscles. I look at my puny calves and cry because both my mom and dad have amazing claves, so do my two older boethers and I'm the only one that lifts but has small calves, I got the shit end of genetics.
How do you train them? How often? Do you bounce at the bottom? Why won't anyone answer this honestly. 
i didnt have a bike route when i was younger like he did 
So many great moments in this video. Rich driving in neutral. The awkward hardcore pump session in the hotel gym. Him holding the burrito like a doofus. The generic roadtrip music.  Finding out that it feels like he's cumming when he pees. And of course the revelation that his new girl is actually his old girlfriend Chanel.   Can't wait for part 2. 
Is she hot ? What's her last name. I thought Sarah was pretty good looking with them fake boobies (minus her voice and personality )
Renee 
Truly the magnum opus of Richard Piano
So thankful this chick doesn't actually talk like that...
IDK I was kinda digging that Asian accent 
I was about to write an angry YouTube comment until she started talking normal. fk me dead. 
Actually enjoyed this unironically   What is happening to me 
Who is the girl the piano man is with?
Why is he moving to Florida?
His business is located there. He's talked about wanting to move there for a while but didn't seem like he wanted to leave LA. The divorce with Sara seems to have been the catalyst that brought about the recent changes. 
I would also assume his tax burden is going to be much lower in Florida. Also, the beaches
So he can be Janoy's new coath
This new series is fucking awesome, right cameraperson?
CMON  M  O  N
Am I the only one that realized he's directly under a light and slanted to the right just to get good shadows on the pic?   Not hating, this dude looks fucking joocey and hyooge, hella 'mirin, but I loled.   Crazy to think that even the fuckers that are this big resort to using some of the tactics us smaller dudes might use. All a mind game eh brah? Never big enough, no matter how far we go. 
this is bodybuilding, a game of angles and lighting. 
A song of dbol and tren
are you the guy in photo?
Am very jelly. Nice bro.   I don't know if you care about the pose. But the quarter back pose needs some work. It's really hard to do though.
I think it was a joke. In his back pose in the picture there is a box of frosted flakes cereal by his leg
Off brand frosted flakes.
Great Value Frosted Flakes
Well shit... now I'm gonna look like a jackass lmao
He's making a joke
It's a shitty joke... makes no sense
There's a box of cereal underneath him, but I agree it's not the funniest thing
Yeah I totally missed that haha... now imma get hit with them sweet sweet down votes. Now with the right context it makes sense, but yeah still not really funny
Well not natty
Somebody get this man a medal. Thank you sir for pointing that out for we may never have noticed.
Very aesthetic, though personally I'd prefer slightly smaller traps
aight that's a week quarantine in /r/fitness for you
Big wide shoulders and small traps just make you look like a cloth hanger which is a terrible look. Big traps will make you look worse is bullshit, almost no muscle will make someone look worse except maybe obliques.
Idk man, Zane had pretty well developed obliques and is hella aesthetic 
this.    big traps are hella aesthetic
Smaller traps?  Wtf?
I feel like it accentuates the wide shoulders and taper more
100x this. I would also add having to own clothes in non contest mode and contest mode. For me that's 3 suits for each mode
Sometimes I'll find a piece of clothing I like, and buy multiple sizes just for that reason
Woah is sleep apnea an effect of bodybuilding?
It's an effect of being a high bodyweight in general but with regards to BB'ing the bigger your neck muscles get the harder it is to breathe.  I'm not even very big at all but I've started snoring since my traps have grown.
Maybe it's just the fact that I've got bigger then. Either way snoring only started a few months ago and seems to correlate with me being the biggest I have been.
When I'm at the peak of my bulk I snore like crazy. Being heavier/not being able to sleep on my side definitely fucks with your breathing. I imagine apnea due to be hyuge can definitely be linked. 
Fix sleep apnoea the cascade of effects on your body isn't worth it. Neither is the shortened life expectancy 
Yeh people don't know that untreated sleep apnea leads to heart failure
How the fuck is your wrist so big that you actually need custom watch? I would think that's the only part of your body that basically always remains the same size. There isn't really any body tissue on wrist 
GH? 
Permabulk
My ankles are 9.5" and your wrists are 8.5"? Shit.
God damn making Branch look tiny as hell, I mean I know he is only 5'7" but good lord man
holy shit
Sweet baby Arnold
That is a big fuck
Jesus
I cant flex in the mirror without making explosion noises
Dom?
Finding pants that fit my thighs but aren't 3-4 inches too lose around the waist is difficult. Even if I find something fits generally ok, I have to constantly readjust my pants when I get up from sitting. I work a corporate job so it just feels awkward when doing this to get up to present in meetings and such.  I don't even consider myself buff. It's just that clothes fit the general populace, which is fully of skinny fat people.  And oh, stuff like scrubbing my back in the shower and rubbing lotion is difficult. I guess I could just work on more mobility but ain't nobody got time for dat.
omg... you just hit the two things that bother me the most
BKE Seth cut. Perfect fit for bb'ers
Stretch denim. Can get dress pants that's are slightly stretchy too.
Not that I'm huge because I'm not by any means, but I do have genetically favored legs and I have the same issue. I like fitted jeans cuz they look better but goddamn is it a pain in the ass (literally) to find some that fit properly/comfortably AND look good...
The Levi 541 might as well be a skinny Jean on me. I have a hell of a time trying to find them where they fit comfortably and also aren't too baggy to look sloppy. I just bought a pair of izod relaxed comfort fit jeans and they fit awesome. The comfort fit part is important. It has a lot more stretch then the normal relaxed fit. I have enough room to be comfortable while also not being too loose. They stretch a ton, so I can even squat down and have no issues. I wear a 32 inch and can stretch the waist out to probably a 36, the rest of the pants stretch just as much. They're at kohl's and a decent bit cheaper than Levi's.    Copied from another post of mine 
The 541s fit me perfectly on the legs. The only problem is the waist on all the ones that "fit" is 4 or 5 inches too big.
As for washing your back, they have these things for old people that attach to your shower with strong ass suction cups. Pretty much big ass sponges. Lather some soap on a rub against it like a bear. I got one as a gag gift for my bday. Little does my asshole cousin know, I love that fucking thing 
Dude those are amazing for back scratches
I just have a loofa on a stick.  Also lotion applicator on a stick
I accidentally huge lats and now I can't walk around without briefly getting lifted into the air by oncoming breezes
I have huge lats, the struggle is real to wipe my ass..... now to my piss poor upper back development....
And work on your flexibility, holy shit. Pro BBers can wipe with easy
I joke man I joke lol
Back when I was fatter this was a problem. Now that I'm more muscley and less fat it's still a problem. FML.
Just entered this territory fml
Dude try bodyglide. I had the same issue till I used that shit. That or I wear shorts under my pants to act as an extra layer between my legs.
I'm like 5'5" and 195lbs, reasonably muscular with a large ish chest and back. Clothes do not fucking come easy. It's difficult to find a shirt that fits my upper body without being long like a dress. 
For me im 6,2 220 and clothes are either a dress on me if its an xl but fits my chest/shoulders and arms or a tight large that fits my waste nicely but is too short.
Fuck, I'm not even that big and that's an issue. Can't even imagine it on your scale. It's the biggest first world problem I have. Makes me feel like an ass to mention it in public. "yeah, finding clothes for my small waist is soo hard when it has to fit over my big chest and shoulders" 
6'6 and 270 lbs... Clothes are very difficult to find.
Pants for me. Try finding 32x36
Shit, I thought I was the only one 
Do you have any recommendations for good tapered shirts? I tend get the same problem. 
I feel like Banana Republic has good tapered button-up shirts. I like them.  Have seen guys way buffer than me shopping there too
It's because the average man has a larger belly than shoulder circumference.
Same thing is happening in womans clothes. Every top I try on feels like it's made for a shorter fatter woman, loose on the belly and short on the sleeves and bottom hem. 
Man that's really sad when you put it like that
I was going to try to provide and answer about clothes... but I realize I don't know where mine come from, I've gone pretty much my entire life having various women materialize clothes from their cars into my home. My mom, my wife, her mom, her sisters, etc lmao... only thing I get control over (and they all insist I don't, but I force it) is my tiny shorts(bear bottoms, Yimps, basspro brand)
No one touches my short shorts. It's the one thing that no matter how much flak I get from friends or family I just love the look. I keep saying it's going to make a come back and I'll be ahead of the curve but no one believes me. 
That's the look I love too, yeah yimps was actually created by a redditor too haha 4" inseam yo, just long enough not to be booty shorts lol. Lmao all you dudes shrinking your clothes be using the hot water and dry.. needs cold water unless required by the cloth haha
I usually do either a cold wash or air dry them. I just didn't realize which load they were in since they're black. Oh well they still fit, just a little shorter. Which honestly I don't mind. 
Ah, common woopsy haha
Yeah man, I love my Bear Bottoms. I catch so much shit from my family, but I don't care. That shit is comfortable, and all the ladies like a little leg. 
My girlfriend has just learned that I'm not changing my ways. Then one day I wore regular length shorts to the gym and she said "you look so different, I think I like the short shorts better". 
One of the things I've always liked about being in relationships or whatever is just telling the girl "go buy me clothes" once they know what I like and what I'll wear. I've never had the patience to shop so having clothes, as you said, just materialize is really nice. 
Yep, it's an amazing thing haha. Only item of clothing I've bought myself in the last....... well ever actually was 2 flannel plaid button up shirts from Costco I saw while eating a piece of pizza 2 years ago now I think
Any way in particular you wash/dry those shirts? I bought a few recently but I guess I fucked up and after a few washes they don't fit right anymore
Cold/cold mix water wash, cold air/unheated/air tumble dry depending on dryer settings 
Too tight? My lady washes my clothes so idk. They haven't shrunk at all for me. 
Dont put them in the dryer
5'6" 215 and I've got the same problem. I'm pretty fat by bodybuilding standards, but it's still a hell of a challenge to find shirts that fit well.
Got pics brah?
5'6" 198  Let us cry together fam
Hows the weather down there? Must be fun getting high on the increased oxygen density at such low altitudes. 5'10 Manlet King checkin in
Weather is fantastic but if i jump too high i might get the bends
5'11'' here, kneel before Zod
pff.. not even a 6? amateur. 
I am not worthy
Brother? 
I got my suit tailored for school and it was a fuckin hassle. I took my hoodie off and the tailor just started laughing and told me it was going to be a lot of work. Ended up buying a pre cut fat guy suit and having it taken in and altered a bunch. Law school was a poor career choice for a bodybuilder. 
you should probably just get custom 
Ayyy I'm also in law school. Yeah not the best option but gotta make that money to maintain the gain... not that I make shit right now.
lol I'm a 2L right now and have no idea how you keep making dem gainz. Work, class, and mock trial leave barely enough time to train three times a week.
Law hulk checking in. Popped a shirt down the back in a meeting today. Happens a couple of times a quarter, with fully bespoke shirts.
6'2 240lbs, dont fit in lecture seats, and sedans. Also i eat more than double what the average guy eats, so at events, people think you are selfish for taking so much food. 
Try the Nissan 370z. I was pleasantly surprised by the room inside.
6'2 and 235. I take my food most places i go and after 6 months everyone is used to it. I tell them in advance if I'm eating their food or not. Only place i don't if for family or close friends who prepare meals knowing what i can eat...they are too good for this world
6'3 216lbs, flying economy is a literal pain in the ass, and ditto on the food. I'm tired of all the "you eat so much" comments from people nearby...
6' 215. Active job. I'm eating near 5k. I have no shame picking out food. Hosts should know what they're getting into if I'm invited. 
I can't wipe my own ass. I had to invest in one of those fancy Japanese toilets to do it for me. It's a real hassle when I'm out and need to shit, as I then have to ask my wife to clean up for me.
What do you do if you need to poo outside the house?
Is your username a Runescape reference?
Nah, I made it when I was 16 though so don't judge...
I may or may not still play 
Pics
Vids
of the toilet?  Or the wife providing assistance?
Got a pic of yourself ?
What do you do about your wet asshole? I've heard from a lot of people that bidet is the way to go, but I can't stand putting clothes on a wet body part.
I think it also blows air up your ass to dry it?
Do you not have toilet roll in your bathroom?
...you cannot be serious.
He scoots around on the carpet with his pants down. 
This a fuckin joke? Jesus christ....
Think about where we are, then see the serious tag... it should be obvious hahaha
There was that guy on YouTube who filmed himself pooping because people were concerned he couldn't.  It was an entertaining day
Link
 some revealing shots...
Kali Muscle 
I used to be a side sleeper but now my lats crush my arms when I try 
Whenever u lay in my side my arm falls asleep
No come back 
Thnks bb. My twin cant hold both of us 
Had a pump today and tried to fix the back of my collar after my lift. Couldn't reach bc bicep was in the whey life is hard 
legs too big to shit comfortably in toilets. thighs always makes dick touch the rim of the bowl
Stalls too. I cant fit in normal sized ones. They make ramps and wheele chairs for fat people why cant they make stalls bigger for people like me? 
They actually make them for disabled people... fatties just somehow scammed the system by crippling themselves, obesity should be considered fraud lmao
Bro being fat is a disability/disease. Do you even PC?
But HAES?
Goals
Ah, didn't think of this. Would imagine any fatass or person with mega buff legs would have this problem
This is why I drape a long strip of toilet paper over the front, so I don't get teh AIDs on mah wiener.
Tricks on you, I put AIDS on the paper
Since I've started lifting I've found that my leg gets tingly after a few minutes of redditing on my phone
I take one leg out of my pants. I'm not sure when I started doing it, but I'll never go back 
Pft do you even squatty potty bro? Atg every time
I started doing this a couple years ago. I spread so aggressively that my poops are so clean I don't have to wipe very much. 
Problem is you can go through a lot of toilet seats, I need a new one again hahaha
Are you saying that you regularly tear toilet seats apart with your ass?  Thats impressive.
Maybe... but I have ripped them off the toilet with my ass before trying to get that one last cheek stretch 
Fuck man you're really into shitting technique I swear I saw you talking about it on the DD today lol
Well when you spend probably 4ish years of your entire life span on the pot, you gotta know how to optimize these things
I respect that
I sometimes can't fit through door ways. damn doggy doors are so small smh
Have to lay my towel on the bed and lie on it to dry my back
Tren sweats...
That's just from laziness though...
My legs fall asleep when I take shits... If that counts.
That shit happened to me before I ever touched a weight so I don't think it counts 
Sand volleyball is extra hard because I can't get my forearms together to bump. 
I can't dry my jeans in the dryer anymore and it's impossible to plan and buy sizes up to prepare for the shrinkage.  I really can't wear the same jeans for longer than a few months lately.
The Levi 541 might as well be a skinny Jean on me. I have a hell of a time trying to find them where they fit comfortably and also aren't too baggy to look sloppy. I just bought a pair of izod relaxed comfort fit jeans and they fit awesome. The comfort fit part is important. It has a lot more stretch then the normal relaxed fit. I have enough room to be comfortable while also not being too loose. They stretch a ton, so I can even squat down and have no issues. I wear a 32 inch and can stretch the waist out to probably a 36, the rest of the pants stretch just as much. They're at kohl's and a decent bit cheaper than Levi's. My right are just under 37 inches, FYI. And have no problem with them in the dryer.  
I actually picked a pair of those up and they've lasted a bit now, although do you find they get semi-permanently loose after a couple weeks? The waist on mine go from a 32 to a 35 if I don't warm water wash them to shrink them back down a little and they look like Jared pants.
I've had a couple of knee injuries where I was hesitant to train legs hard so they were lagging behind but now I'm training them regularly and they've caught up kinda quick.  Another thing to note is I'm on mi tiny bicicleta so they're growing like weeds
Is that a south park reference?
I burn a hole in the legs from my thighs rubbing together. If I get over a year out of jeans I'm happy.  My legs are 27" last I checked.
Quad or thigh? I've got 29" thighs and I keep jeans for over a year easy? What are you doing to those poor things?
Well, I walk in them. Nothing crazy.   I guess I should say the thickest part of my leg is 27".
Stop buying those jeans then haha that's just bad mileage right there
Funny thing is I've tried a different brand just about every time. I haven't tried Levi's yet but I see them recommended all the time here. 
My oldest jeans are Levis, they are work horses for sure.
Dude turn the heated dry off and use cold water wash you animals. Didn't mma teach you how to adult?
Yea I'm pretty much bachelor frog so I had to figure that one out on my own
RIP many pairs of jeans lol... there are ways to reverse the shrinking I believe though for next time
I'll have to look it up because I have a pair of Barbell apparel jeans that turned into skinny jeans, and they're too pricey to throw away lol  I figured maybe once I cut they'll be doable again but for now I'd get made fun of
I'll pour out some protein as sacrifice for you. Those ain't cheap jeans lol
Yeah but after my third arrest I stopped beating strangers until they did my laundry.
Not me but my gym teacher was jacked. He was super strict about the class doing stretches. If you came in late you had to do them all before going on to the other activities. One day a late kid asked why stretching was so important and he raised his arm to the right and curled it back down towards his neck stopping right before the back of his head (like when you put your hand behind your head to do a sit-up). He then moved it the other direction trying to touch his hand to his back near the lat. He couldn't do it.   "Thats why."  So jacked he couldn't touch his own back, period. 
can you guys play sports?
I was doing a fat bulk, while playing basketball intensively over a longer summer period. I was gaining weight, at the same time I could jump higher.   Help a fuck ton being 220 lbs and being able to bounce a good amount. 
only combat sports
Pretty good at chess.
Hard to balance playing endurance sports like rugby, when you are muscular (low fat) prop. The more muscle the more energy and oxygen needed to put in work.   Also my thighs be rubbing together
My feet hurt like hell if I stand for the entire work day.  They didn't hurt from standing when I was 100 pounds lighter.
I can't sleep on my sides or stomach anymore without my arms immediately falling asleep. I end up tossing and turning a lot before I end up falling asleep on my back. 
I have to wear rubber nonstick boots at work. I have hairless rings around each of my calves. I think the boots openings are 18" at their widest/top and I have 17.5 R and 17" L calves. 
sounds like some u cunts need to work on flexibility
I lost the ability to wash my back in the shower after putting on mass
It is really annoying to buy pants. All those slim fit jeans do not fucking fit at all. Slim Fit in my waist size will only fit until i reach the knees.
You accidentally got too big so now youre going for a Brad Pitt in Fight Club look? 
I am not even very big but when buying a tuxedo recently I find it very hard to find one that fitted both at the shoulders and waist. It seems that most cheap tuxedos are not made with a triangle in mind. Obviously the answer is tailoring but i'm not made of money. 
When I was trying to buy a suit for my wedding, the only deals they had were on jacket and pants sets. But they would have needed to take 7 inches out of the waist for it to fit me. Did find a rental that worked good enough. Shoulders were pretty damn tight but any size bugger looked sloppy 
exactly I am not even on about the pants. The Jacket its self looked ridiculous because anyone big enough to fit me at the shoulders had literally double the amount of space it needed around my stomach ( where the button is )  I seriously think you could have fit two of me in there 
When you buy a tux, you get it tailored. A tailor is not expensive 
It is for a student mate 
Tailoring is cheap, doesn't matter who it's for. If you can't afford it then don't buy it... or look like a jackass, one or the other
Guys here talking about trousers or whatever, I found stretchy 'looks like jeans' pants from UNIQLO that are godlike. Try them?
Uniqlo ends at like 34 inch waists and pants that aren't that stretchy. I have a 32 inch waist and need pants size 40" for my legs. Can't wear anything but their socks
Huh that's so weird. In the Brisbane store I've manged to grab a couple of 36 inch pairs, though admittedly there were much fewer of them than the smaller sizes. Maybe online?
Jesus. You live here too? Or is that UNIQLO abroad?
Sydney in australia
fucking goals to have those problems
I wake up with a bicep pump oftenly
Beyond finding clothes that fit around my quads, getting into and out of cars/trucks/tractors is difficult because my pants shift around and gets tight
Sleeping on my sides with my arms bent cuts of circulation to my hands. I need a bigger bed so I can sleep asked outstretched with pushing the girl of the bed, or then hanging off the side. An I ain't even big.
Hard to find dress shirts.  
It's hard to take off tight shirts/tank tops with a pump. I've had to resort to doing the double handed pullover thing rather than the normal one arm out then tug over the head, and my tank tops have started tearing at the straps. Also some t shirts that are tight enough to look good tend to have super small arm holes and I constantly get circulation cut off/uncomfortable pressure. And it's hard to wash my upper back.   Also with a pump, my arms rest almost entirely on my lats which feels very odd. 
I can't scratch my back , it really fucking sucks when I'm itchy   Also buying normal pants is hard, generaly have to buy ones 2 sizes too big to fit my legs but then the waist is way too big
I struggle to zip up my jacket after working biceps and forearms because the pump prevents me from bending my arm inwards. That's about it. That and finding pants that fit.
I can't itch my upper lat because if I put my arm back it automatically flexes my lat
Don't know if this counts, but I'm a size medium t-shirt for my waist, but  my lats/chest need a large. I'll stick with the medium.
I'm not as big as some of the guys here. I'm 5'8" 210. But walking around crowded places is a nuisance. You can only hold your arms in so much to sneak past people. End up bumping arms in clubs a lot. Also finding any shirts that fit right is finding a needle in a hay stack. Button downs that fit my torso flare out at the waist. Jeans are difficult to find that fit well in all areas. Clothes that fit while bulking are too big during the summer and vice versa. It's annoying sometimes but I wouldn't want to be "normal" so you learn to cope and find things that work well for you.  
I wouldn't say I'm buff, and I. Can't even blame my size because I'm definitely no where near big enough for it to limit me, but I have my lack of stretching and mobility work to blame for not being able to wash my back properly in the shower 
Completely non-lifting related question, but, if I received a verbal offer as well as one by email that said formal paperwork would come in roughly two weeks, how long after that timeframe passes should I think about following up?   its been a whooping 3 days past the two week mark but I'm a worrier lol. 
I'd give it a few more days still. Seems pretty rare that someone would give you a verbal offer and then not back it up, although maybe that varies from industry to industry.
I wouldn't wait past a week after their two week estimate. Drop HR a pleasant follow up saying how excited you were about the offer and was wondering when paperwork would be coming along.  Oh and congrats on the job gains brah
I'm starting a new job on Monday and I'm not nervous about my job duties at all. I just hope the people at the company like me. It's like going to a new school for the first time.
They'll like ya.
Why have I only recently discovered the brilliance that is One Punch Man ?  Fucking awesome anime and funny as hell 
It's amazing.
Shit. Was rejected hard after being invited to grills house. Left my gf for this grill. Goddamn it. Gonna make some rejection gains. And maybe crawl back to ex on broken glass. 
Nahh, you left her for a reason. Stick with your decision and just make extra gains.
Reason being he's a thirsty mofo
Agreed OP's post history is all about him getting gfs and trying to smash 
just scanned yours. You check out.
Haha always interesting to see what other subs people post in
Shit.. Either this grill was something special or you were reading the wrong signs 
For context I am a 17 year old female. I have struggled with depression for some time now. I saw a doctor about it and she prescribed me lexapro. My mom found out and freaked out. Saying she couldn't deal with a child with depression. She then pulled a knife on me and said "cut me like you do yourself you sick freak". I said no but she kept telling me to cut her. She followed me around the house asking me to cut her. This experience was really fucked up. I started sobbing uncontrollably and that just pissed her off even more. She kicked me out of the house later that night. I said I'll leave tomorrow. Through the course of last night she barged into my room 4 times screaming at me for dumb stuff like at 2 am she screamed at me to give her my phone charger. (keep in mind I'm groggy as hell because she's just waking me up each time) The final time she just walked right up to my bed got in my face and screamed have fun finding somewhere else to live you little bitch. I'm now 17 and homeless this is a weird place to ask for advice but I'm so lost I have no idea what to do.
Go to your nearest police station. Ask for their assistance in getting into contact with child protective services. I'm sure they will let you stay there and keep you fed/hydrated. Also ask them to help you get in contact with any relatives you might wish to reach out to.  Do not leave with your family member(s). You need to talk to the CPS first. In conjunction with them decide if you wish to press charges against your mother.  Good luck.
this. of she just leaves she will be a runaway, she needs to report the situation, but most kids feel like it is their fault in some way. it is not.   op, I ran from and abusive alcoholic mother beginning just before I turned 15. to let you know how bad it was, she died from the alcohol two years later, leaving behind me and my younger siblings.   at the time i did not want to deal with protective services because reasons, but to be honest now as a parent myself, i would have avoided making really bad decisions out of youth and innocence that impacted the rest of my life. At 17, if you have a job and a place to live, you can seek emancipation through the courts. with the internet today, you can search for city, state, and non profit organizations to assist you. please, don't be a street kid. you'll never lose that refugee feeling no matter how hard you try.
First off, do you have any family or friends that are not your mom that you could seek help from?  Second, a family member pulling a knife and threatening you is domestic violence. You are welcome to call the cops now, if that happens again, or if something of similar nature happens.  Depression gets better, I can assure you. Hang in there
wow, you mom seams really fucked up, at least you may have found the source of your depression. getting out of your parents house is hard, its even harder being so young, pack a small bag with necessities and sell everything else you own to make some money, crash at a friends house for a while until you can afford your own place. depending on where you live or if you are in school, the gov might be able to help put you someplace, ask teachers for help with this or maybe someone else here can help better than i can. Just stay calm and keep lifting, this may be the best thing to happen, who knows. worst comes to worst, planet fitness is cheap and has a shower, bathrooms, and food sometimes
That sounds like a horrible situation. You could head over to /r/raisedbynarcissists and ask there maybe. Hope things turn out better for you.
Been there fam. Shoot me a pm if u need to vent or anything. Im 21 but i been thru that shit already and made it out. 
R/almosthomeless
Jesus that's fucked up. Please know that seeking help and treatment for your depression is normal and healthy, your mom is bat shit insane. 
I can't relate, but I'm really sorry to hear about that. Just one thing you need to realize is that that is NOT normal behavior for a parent and there is some serious underlying condition with her. None of that is your fault,  but you need to protect yourself and get the help you deserve. Get to a police station and report this. Call the non emergency number and get a ride there by an officer if you have no other way. I hope everything works out for you. 
Easy squat PR yesterday. Just gotta eat my way to 405 I guess.
How close are you? You might just need more practice too.
hit 365 for 1 rep a while ago. My 5rm went from 310 to 325 since then. Just gonna try to add 5lbs every week till I'm at 350x5 and then go for 405 the next week.
Adding 5lbs per week when you're at 365 seems pretty damn lofty. Good luck man
we're freaks, we don't care
Whenever i see this i get excited and want to deadlift a 16 wheeler
If it works for you go for it. Seems a little fat of a reach in my opinion. Have you looked into 5/3/1? I'm switching to it next week for squat/bench/deadlift progression because adding weight each week is just getting too hard to lift or making me sacrifice form too much for my own liking.   I can't personally attest to it at this point, but many people have, enough for me to feel like it's an extremely effective progression scheme once linear gets to be too much. 
I've thought of possibly gzcl after this training cycle ends but, I mean, it's been working. 310-325 happened no problem.
For sure, if it ain't broke don't fix it. I need to look into gzcl.. I've heard people talk of it a lot but never tried it out. 
Was able to do 275 on decline bench on my first day of Winter bulk but than later failed close grip bench with 185 in front of the hottest women in the gym. 
Feelsbadman
What do you do for glutes? I recently realized mine aren't firing enough. I finish legs and feel awesome in my hams, quads and calves, but glutes not so much.
Used to have that problem. Work on stretching them and constantly flexing them. When squatting (real life bit gym) focus on euther screwung your feet into the ground or splitting the ground, whichever cue works better
I thought the DD thread was on a 23 hour rotation timer.  Did it get recently changed to 22 hours?
So after a crappy past month or so not really feeling it in the gym, I am switching my routine up and diving head first. I did PPLx2 for about a year and a half... thinking of doing a muscle split 4-5 times a week (ie. Monday chest, Tuesday shoulders/tri, Thursday back/bi, Friday legs).   Are there any out of the ordinary exercises I should include in this?
Volumes gonna be pretty tough on that kind of programming. Only you know what works best for you, but in my experience, it's always been harder to get a full weeks worth of volume for one muscle group in 1 day. I've always benefited better from splitting my volume up into more days.   Your first lifts are gonna be fresh each day and won't suffer too much, but as you perform more exercises, you'll be more fatigued with each one making them harder and harder.   Which is more preferred? 4x12 with good form a little more relaxed, or 3x8 giving it everything you've got and sacrificing form just a bit?
This is true. Do you have suggestions for a routine other than PPL that I can hit 4-5x a week? I love PPL but am just getting bored with it and want to try something new. 
dude it's honestly cheaper to buy some caffeine pills and beta alanine. It's just 2 sups to take, it's not like you're crushing and capping your own pill mixture of 15 ingredients.
train legs more often and you won't get doms anymore.
But I hate training legs. 
then do it more often
No one likes chicken legs
If you don't want to look at your bank account, you should probably look at your bank account.  If you don't want to step on the scale, you should probably step on the scale.  If you don't want to train legs, you should probably train legs.  Life gives us cues, it's up to us to pick up on them.
Does anyone else get stronger like all at once? I always seem to stall for a few weeks, and then all of a sudden go up 20lbs. It happens in pretty much all of my lifts. But it happens with different parts at different times. So I don't think it's just a "got extra sleep" type deal. 
Gainz come over a long period of time all of a sudden
and sometimes losses...I'm looking at you, back of my arm fat. shoo.
Twitter is down but I can't tweet about it.  Lift your kills today
icwatudidther
Twitter's been down for years. Dying media platform. 
Great joke
Went to gym today, was PUSH day. After 2nd set of Bench, felt really fatigued, my left shoulder really hurt. Pushed through pain, did OHP and everything else but felt kinda shitty. During middle of training session, guy working in the gym told me "Wow,you have really put some mass". Felt better. 20 mins after, some high school teacher asked me how long I was training. I said 3-4 months seriously. He said no way that is possible, because I look really swole. Made my day, proceeded to smash all accessories for next 45 minutes. I am DYEL compared to guys here and former obese boy but feeling happy today. We are all gonna make it
Moving to another country in a week for a one year duration. I still have 15 lbs of whey. What should I do with it ? Give it to a friend or take it with me ?
Take it with you. Extra whey wont hurt unless its a transportation issue
I think I'm gonna ask my mother to ship it, or I'll give it to a friend
Hey its me, you friend
Leave it at the gym with a note saying "Free Brotein"
If the TSA asks just say it's cocaine 
I have flown with whey numerous times both in my carry on and in my checked bag, unlabeled in tupperware/ziploc bag/etc. No issues ever.
"Safety" is not the issue there, much more the weight/transport. I'm allowed to have a 20kg luggage, I don't think I'm gonna take 7,5 kilos in whey, I have to take clothes and stuff
You could probably ship it to yourself for cheaper than what the airline would charge for the extra baggage fees.   I'd check what shipping costs vs what airline baggage fees cost vs what a new tub of whey costs and choose the cheapest option. 
Did back squats yesterday for the first time in like 6 weeks.  The touch of Brodin is strong today.
Im not even joking... I got my mr hide like 3 hours ago. Now i cant find it anywhere. Any tips? I feel like a fucking idiot
find it
Is hook grip worth it? My grip fails me in bb shrugs, rows and deadlift, when I feel like I could do a few more reps.   It feels like my thumb slips from on top of my fingers to not grip anywhere, leaving the bar on the rest of my 4 fingers, the bar slowly slipping further towards my finger tips.
Everyone needs to experience  the crushing of their thumbs at least once.
Yea I've experienced that in hookgrip... And in someone's butthole 
Hook grip for heavy ass sets.  Straps when grip fails from fatigue.  Also consider direct grip work.
How do you train grip strength other than just hold onto a heavy bar for as long as you can?
I was worried about trying it for fear of my thumbs, but honestly it hasn't been that bad. 
Bros, Orange Burst Mr. Hyde tastes like tang. This is dope
Not too much difference tbh, keep that bulk going. Bulk til' you hate yourself, cut til' you hate your life.
I have to say that the foto's do me no good at all.. All definition etc are gone because of shitty camera
All definition is gone because you have no definition bro. You have no muscle. If you cut you'll just look https auschwitz mode. Keep bulking for quite a while.
totally fucking smashed shoulder this morning  currently having a coffee while looking at my work emails
So I had two pints and a spliff after work yesterday, and woke up with a hella sore head - reaffirming that my metabolism is slower than a sloth with an opiates problem.   So I should probably stop drinking. Permanently. In other news I spent a few days in the Dam last weekend, smoking it down like a trooper with some friends and as such training has been nonexistent for a couple weeks, which has resulted in my fat ass getting fatter   If anyone has read any of Dave Tate's articles you'll see he talks about life being either 'blast' or 'dust' for him.   That's my life. Im either all out, one cheat meal a week for 5 months straight, or I'm on my fat ass eating boxes of cookies like a waste of space.   Someone please give me the motivation to get back into my next blast phase pls lol
Why are you being fat and lazy when you can be awesome instead?
don't go so hard when you lock down. take breaks, you need to build discipline rather than all or nothing approach. often comes with age and experience honestly
Missed my workout yesterday because of stuff. And I won't be a lesson to workout until Monday because I'm going away for the weekend. This gonna such.... I'll just call it a deload week, that's the only way I can cope with these situations. 
Got even fatter, played the same Video games I've been playing for five years, wasted some time of YouTube, dipped to pornhub for a bit, made sure not to do anything productive, then went to sleep. Just a regular day off. 
I fucked things ups and I hate myself for it.  I finally met a girl that was perfect but I had to let myself drink.  I just hate myself so much sometimes. When it really matters, I mess it up.
so you are human. awareness is the first step toward change.
Going to hit legs before my big exam tomorrow. Nervous. Cross your fingers for me boys.
Hey, c'mon. Leg day isn't that bad
Leg day is the only thing that'll motivate me to get up tomorrow I think. It's like bribery. It's meant to be a rest day.
I bet you're great
Hoping you guys could help me figure something out. I can't get a decent pump or DOMs in my lats for the life of me.   I have no problem getting a MMC with my lats, and I can feel them burning when I do back exercises. But, they only get a little pumped, nothing like a bi, delt or pec pump. I do plenty of volume too (16-20 sets per session). I've never had lat DOMs either, but I get DOMs in every other muscle group. They've been growing too, that isn't really an issue.   I used to be a competitive swimmer so my thinking is that my lats somehow have more endurance than other muscles or something? Is that a thing? Any insight is appreciated. 
If you're lats are growing don't worry about the pump. Unless of course you want it for pictures to impress a grill 
I'm not really worried, more just curious about what might be causing it
He just wants to be able to fly home from the gym.
Do 4-8 sets of heavy barbell rows but medium reps (above 6). Always gives me a god tier pump 
Do the Piano Man Pyramid. 30-24-18-12-10 Reps with increasing weights on the lat pulldown machine and 45-60s rest. I open up every back session with it and shit blasts my back off the bones. Perfect pre exhaustion / warm and pump up. 
Good news my bros. Finally moving out of my parents into my dad's to live in a much more healthy environment. Haven't been eating or sleeping cause being anxious/paranoid not being sure how my parents would react, but it went pretty well... hopefully I return to normal. I don't want to say I was depressed these past few months, but I was pretty down in the dumps. But after talking to some friends about my situation, the amount of support I received just made me realize how lucky I am to be alive. Finally get to quit my shit tier job at McDonalds and move onto something better. I also feel like now I have a reason to go on in life now.. this feeling is strange, but I love it. Had to get that off my chest, I fucking love you guys
Life gains are the best gains, good shit bro
Fuck man I've been trying to meet and talk to more girls but I can't find any to talk too. I don't have any friends and don't follow many girls on social media. I've tried going to malls and stores and cold approaching girls but most the girls are in groups or with dudes can't go to bars I'm only 19 what do.
Tinder, Bumble, OKC, meetup
I've thought about his but don't know what to put in my profile like the only pictures I have of me are gym pictures. All I do is lift eat sleep work so not sure what type of bio to have. 
Get a hobby.  (other than lifting)
First, how can you not find girls to talk to?  They are literally like 1 in every 2 people.    Secondly, what's interesting and unique about you that would interest a girl?  
eat more
Thank you. There's not a whole lot I can do during the week to change my situation, but I'm gonna go hard af on this next meal prep. I even bought a grill cause I'm tire of using this single portable electric stovetop thing to cook everything.
The only thing that is going to hold you back from achieving your goals is yourself
Eat a extra jar of peanutbutter a day, if your having trouble putting weight after everything else try the good ol dirty bulk.
stress can do some pretty mad things - i'd advise just postponing the cut till after your midterm. you'll thank yourself in the long run 
I would too but the thing is I got a midterm pretty every 5-7 days in college. Not much I can do there. 
Probably partially boredom from studying
I do keto on my cuts. Something about the no carbs screws with my brain. Add in MCT oil in the morning. Helped me think super clear again at the office while I was on my cut.
I moved into a temporary living situation with a family about 2 months ago. They have two sons, both sedentary. I've been gaining weight and hitting the gym like a madman. The two kids told me they just took up after school sports for the first time and their father said they looked up to me and what I'm doing. It feels good to be a positive influence. 
Respect.  Wanting my 6yo son to respect and emulate me is a large part of what keeps me going in the gym and disciplined in the kitchen. 
That's really cool man. Those kids need Ya 
Any point in getting a coach when still fat? I've got dreams of competing, but I feel I'd have 1-2 years before I'd even be anywhere close to that point.  I could see the value in the guidance now, despite the journey being enjoyable through trial and error. Just curious on your guys' thoughts on the matter 
I feel like a personal trainer/lifting coach would be good before an actual competition type coach. I was lucky enough to train with a really smart powerlifting coach for a month and he changed my mentality and approach. I would see the benefits of a bodybuilding coach revolving around dialing it in, instead of building good foundations. 
That would be completely understandable, yeah. Maybe if I get lucky I can find somebody wits experience in both just to make sure I'm pointed in the right direction. Thank you 
In general I agree with your logic here, but the fact that so many PT's are complete morons who don't actually know what they're doing scares me and makes me think it's a gamble.
IMO if your just trying to lose some lbs right now and recomp a coach is a waste. If you've been training seriously for a yr or two then I'd look into it but no point to pay someone to tell you to eat less and add cardio. 
Has anyone found a solution to smelly swass? Asking for a friend
Two sticks of deodorant. One for the pits, one for the ass crack/taint/balls.
Got to use shampoo to wash ur asscrack every day 
OK I'll make sure to let him know
At least wash it for him.
Fourth pin done boys.  This one in the delt for the first time. Not a fan. Only one good pin so far and it was in the right glute, was gonna go left tonight but the angle is weird and I have zero confidence in doing this still. Any tips from someone who struggled with stabbing themselves at first and are professional pin cushions now? 
Made the mistake of eating pop tarts in my bed. Crumbs.. Crumbs everywhere. 
Eat the crumbs. 
...... I did
Eat the BED
I've been fucking exhausted after work and have missed two workouts this week smh. 
Dad calls up and as soon as I pick up the phone I know he's gonna neg me about my job. Anybody else have family that just neg so hard they become a serious gainz goblin? Need tips on how to get people talking about more than one thing before my squat drops below 1p
Don't answer your phone. 
Yeah. Give em the ol' George Costanza routine. 
Politely but firmly change the subject. Hang up if they refuse. 
Deficit deadlift are awesome.   Also I'm enjoying the program but kind of want to switch. 
Stick with it don't be a fucking quitter. 
It's not that it's too difficult, it is just getting kind of boring. 
What program 
If you feel bored maybe push the numbers some, make it more challenging. 
I'd second this. When I'm on a program like that, the joy comes from seeing more weight added to the bar week-to-week. That gives you something to look forward to, rather than an "oh, this again" feel.
Throw in some random bro work at the end of the workout?
Skipped leg day. Napped instead. I needed that after the last week and a half. 
you blaspheme 
Just pretend you sleepwalked to the gym and got your workout in. 
What are your goals?
To hibernate for the winter
I've been working towards a 1000lb total by end of year, but not sure I'll make it. Squat is lagging and bench is weak sauce. I'm also attempting to bulk this winter. 
You hanging in there?
Yea thanks
Ace bro
yeah, are you? 
Yeah man, thanks. Got some drunken texts from a girl I've been kind of seeing. Turns out her male friend stole her phone and was trying to make me jealous, so at least she's been talking about me. That wasn't a big deal, but it made me realise how fucking vulnerable I am to her. If she wanted to, she could remove all my emotional defences and break my heart. Doesn't matter how much you can deadlift, you can't prep for some things.   Off to bench lmao2pl8 now
I wonder who Anon is... must be Indian. 
Now that you've identified exactly how you feel about her, why not let her know that. Have a "hey, I'm actually really into you" conversation, see what she says. She just might be too...
Get the hell away from me with your common sense and mature relationship advice. I want to cling on to my angsty Teens into my 20s.   Thanks for the advice man, I just told her how I felt and I got a ton of emojis in return. Shit'/ probably been screenshotted and sent to her nearest and dearest already, so I feel justified sharing this nonsense with a bunch of weightlifting strangers.
And this is why I hate immature girls
Nah she's cool, just loves emojis. I'm right in the midst of the whole thing though so can't see her objectively 
How did that convo end?
Thanks, you too
I've decided to delete Tinder and POF think I'm going to take a break from dating in general because I think I'd be happier in general. I'm just going to work on myself and hit obesity on the BMI scale.
BMI works for the average person off the street it's a quick and easy measure. It's not the be all and end all though.
Sometimes you just have to invest in urself, enter a fat-cocoon, just to remerge as a beautiful shanked sickkunt of a butterfly 6 months later.
Words to live by.
POF?
Plenty of fish.
Plenty of Fatties 
Failed a bench pr. Whole gym saw. Meatballs for dinner, eating spaghetti to forgetti my regretti
I'm imagining the whole gym circled around one bench watching you fail your PR and then everyone laughing at once. I hope that's not what happened because I would just off myself if so
My mom passed yesterday after a short 2 month battle with cancer. Please do an extra rep for her today, she was the most selfless loving person I've ever known
Thats horrible mate, thoughts are with you
Thats horrible mate, thoughts are with you
Sorry for your loss brah. Will crush it for momma narkazokh
Much love man take care of yourself 
Hang tough bro, tonight's workout is dedicated for her.
fuck bro, ima do 500 extra fucking reps, very sorry for your loss.
My deepest condolences to you brother. You can count on me for those extra reps.
Next workout is for her homie. Take care and stay strong
Sorry to hear that man. Hope you're doing as ok as possible.   We love you man. 
So sorry bro. That's just awful. Stay strong we luv u
sorry to hear that m8.
Fuck cancer this push day is for her man. May god bless her soul 
Sorry to hear man, going to tell my ma' I love her tonight and push out a few extra reps. Stay strong brother.
So sorry to hear that man. My mom passed 3 and a half years ago. Absolutely will do an extra rep.
I'm sorry for your loss man, I'll throw some extra reps in for her bro. 
Wish you all the best in life man, may she rest in peace.
I'm going for 2 plate dl today ( I know it's light) and I'll throw an extra rep in for her
Today's workout is for you, brother.
Bro, I wouldn't be able to live without my mum, my deepest condolences bro.
I misread and thought it said licking a picture of myself naked.....
Did you have a baby?
Clean bulking is misery.  My cut stalled so I figured I'd do a short 10-15lb bulk.  Put on 8lbs of water weight and now I'm just stuffing myself with chicken and rice.
Eat dirty son
Being hungry and feeling small is certainly worse than eating pop tarts and Ben and Jerry's 
Yeah, idk as a former fat person, I'll never be able to empathize with people who have trouble bulking
I'm bulking pretty dirty right now, and that's easy. But to do it clean is a chore. I'm really tall and was never a big eater. I really had to learn to shove food in my mouth. Bulking is tiring as fuck.
Yeah, don't sit there and tell me eating 3500 cals of clean food is easy. Of course anyone could do it eating ice cream and pizza but there's a difference between bulking and being a disgusting fatass   That's not directed at you btw just at people who say bulking is easy and then proceed to eat 1500 cals in chocolate. Like okay bro sure 
Yeah exactly. Eating more is something I consciously have to do. My friend on the other hand eats while cleaning, while working, while making food. Its like when someone is addicted to cigarettes they don't smoke as a singular activity, they smoke while doing other things. I think that is why it can be so hard for some to change the habit, because all their other habits are involved too.
Sorry, I can't hear you between the sound of these chocolate bars.
Not using a chocolate bidet to shoot candy up your own ass? Are you even trying, it's current year for fucks sake
I TOLD YOU IT'S NOT ALWAYS EASY, OKAY. MY MAINTENANCE IS 3,500 AS IT IS.
The last part is def true, but I feel like it would be more accurate as gym locker room mirrors 
So long as it's naked, it's applicable.
What happened after? A) reply with, "th...thanks you too." B) proceed to take off your clothes and show her your rear glute spread. C) talk to her about the benefits of waterbread D) all of the above
I saw that one on pornhub. You arent fooling anyone with that bullshit. 
Until a couple minutes in, where she finds out he's not really that huge.
Joined a climbing gym in my college town that has a weight area attached to it, and for once it's not one of those shitty apartment gyms with like two treadmills and a Smith machine. It's got a power rack, adjustable bench, two cable machines with pull up bar between them, full set of dumbells up to 120, in addition to all the climbing walls. Yesterday after class I just spent the whole day there working out, bouldering, and doing my homework to give my body a break. It's a 24 hour facility so I think I might just start living there and become a jacked homeless mountain goat.
I usually go to the grocery store in the afternoon, probably late afternoon, after I leave the gym.  I'm still sweaty and wearing my gym clothes.  Buy my chicken and beef and eggs and spinach, loading my cart up with some fresh protein.  I keep my head down and half the time I still have my headphones in.  Use the self check out.  I don't bother anybody, nobody even looks my direction.    Been doing keto for a bit.  Works good for cutting, but the pump is like Christmas morning as a kid.  It was amazing but you're never gonna get that feeling again.  So I decide to go on a carb bender real quick.  I wait until kind of late at night.  Move fast.  Run through the candy and pastry aisles.  Grab all the things that would melt a ketard like a vampire in the sun.  The most beautiful disgusting cart of gross treats in amounts that would make the 600lb woman tell me to tone it down and maybe eat a veggie.    I feel dirty.  I feel shameful.  I am excited like this is the Christmas eve of my pump.  I go to check out.    I'm spotted.  He knows me from the gym.  He's said hi, I've said hi.  He looks at my cart, looks at me.  I have no words.  I'm caught with my gross pile of fried and processed sugar.    He opens his mouth to speak.  "Got kids?  Is your wife pregnant?"  Don't have a wife, but it's really about time I pretended to have one.  Fortunately, I am part of r/bb and can flex autism like it's  one of the mandatories, so I just stand there saying nothing until he awkwardly leaves.  I shame eat all of it and stare in disgust at myself in the mirror, now looking like I'm the pregnant wife.  The pump today was amazing.
You know you're into bodybuilding when you get a bunch of sugary shitty food and are more excited about the pump you'll get than actually eating the food.
Brb.... befriending a Chemist.
The gym is the only thing that's helping me stay  sane through midterms 
So I just pooped and had to wipe 28 times before I gave up and just dealt with a little poop still being left in my anus. This is a regular occurrence.  I spend more time wiping than I do actually pooping.  Before anyone says more fiber or psyllium husk, yea I know I've tried.  Why do bad things happen to such good people. 
Get a bidet bro, one of the finest creations in the history of men
This thread should be marked NSFL.
Such relevant username
Flushable baby wipes bruh
Sometimes you gotta wet your tp a bit near the end. 
One time I used an entire roll of TP in a day. The only thing I hate about bulking.
Sometimes I eat very clean and have the messiest BP-oil-spill-type-of-cleanup shit. Then I eat some dirty as hell food that makes people nauseous just to think about and have 1 wipe zero evidence ghost poop. There's no consistency.
Fiber brah
Get a bidet dude. I got it last year and it feels like whole pipeline gets cleaned and somehow I can poop better to the last bit.  Not to forget money saved as I use paper to only dry the area.
It's like wiping a brown marker
Poop crayon
Baby wipes. They're like an angel tonguing your b-hole.
He's right. Make sure you read the labels though. I took a shit in my friends bathroom a while back ago and saw that he had baby wipes and decided to use that. After I finished wiping my bunghole, I realized I used Clorox wipes.
fucking hell my asshole clenched up just thinking of that
If you got a hairy ass trim it down. It's easier to get peanut butter off tile than carpet.
You need to wipe harder, I wipe with almost a scooping motion. Also wipe up and down... I have no idea why I'm giving someone wiping tips
Was mid smash last night and this chick started saying how amazing my body is. Mfw I thought how fluffy I am on this bulk and couldn't finish. I've only been on this sub for like a month what have y'all fuckers done to me
Anyone else plagued with insecurity and trust issues?  Ayeoo
Not at all, I traded those in for crippling depression a year or so ago...
Been hooking up with this grill for awhile and she really knows the right things to say to get me going. I'll be doing my thing on her and she'll randomly yell out "your arms are huge" or "oh my god your back". Like damn girl keep talking dirty to me. 
if a girl told me my arms were huge during sex i'd probably burst out laughing
I'd tell her how weak the long head of my tricep is 
Tfw I lost my virginity this week to an awesome girl, have been taking Prozac for almost 2 months and my depression STILL makes me want to die. The worst thing is I don't want to kill myself so my life is going to be shit forever lol. Contemplating getting a job (I'm already an incredibly lazy college student) to save money for dat dere, just so I can train 3 hours a day with full intensity. The gym is the only thing that makes me truly happy for that short time of the day. Fuck my mental health. Sorry for incoherent rambling, sorry for posting this useless comment.
You going to therapy? Expecting the drugs to work without it isn't realistic. 
Skipped chest day for the second day in a row to study for this Physics exam tomorrow. If I don't get an A I'm gonna bench my professor.
Bombed a chemistry exam. Next class the professor tells us our class gpa was a 50 and that they expected us to do poorly. What's the point of assigning an exam you think we'll all fail? On the plus side hit 295lbs for 1 on squat, on the way to 3 plates bros
In all 4 yrs of high school I thought gym bros were just dumb jocks and douchebags. Now I go back home and I see the bros at the gym that I never spoke a word to in high school to quickly find out they're cool as fuck.  Or maybe I just turned into a douchebag too
In the uni gym today...the 14 PA state schools are on strike right now and I guess that means everybody is in the gym because they've got nothing else to do with classes being off. I'm a regular here guys...please let me in that squat rack. 
Wait until I'm done curling bro 
tfw I'm still DYEL but my mom thinks I'm on steroids
Texting back n forth with a girl, from the get go she's responding to everything immediately and being cool. We agree to a date tomorrow night, then when I tell her the actual plans she goes radio silent....  Holy fuck I hate dating.
So I was at a ballet show the other day, and good god the ballerinas/brollerinas have some ridiculous calves. Gave me faith that maybe, just maybe it's not only genetics.   If you see somebody prancing around your gym and then flexing calves in the mirror, it could be me. 
Last time I came this early the gym was closed
Thick
Solid? Tight? Ha thanks bro
Yup. I've been training regularly for 11 years. Lots of mistakes made along the way. Could've been where I am now much quicker if I had trained in a way that was more conducive to my body type from a younger age.
Bro... I have that same hat. 
It's a dope ass hat
Will the hat make me as swole as you?
Yes. I credit the hat with all my gainzzz. I'm currently writing an e-book about that very thing. Hats coming soon.
what weight you at? height? you look like a nicer leaner version of me
5'11 180
fok youre taller and the same weight as me
That is bare bones dry in the am. I'm 185 by the middle of the day.
faurkkkk
Mirin those surgical tubing bicep veins
Thanks bra where's the scalpel?
nice nips you got there bro.
Mirin Monday is on Monday brah
Went to max my deadlift, hit 335 (20 lb pr) very easily and ended up destroying 365 with some still left in the tank. 4 plates I'm coming...  Also hit 5x5 1 plate OHP.   Bulking is love, bulking is life
Today I received a letter that I got into the graduate program I applied for, enrolled and everything..then 6 hours later I got an email that it was a mistake and a decision hasn't been made by the selection committee yet. Went from being stupid excited to stupid disappointed, but at least I didn't emotionally eat myself out of my deficit. It's the little things I guess 
Was so close to posing nude for an art class next week just for shits and giggles and bragging rights. Signed up and got a class time and everything. Then today I ran into this grill who turned me down a couple weeks ago. We're still friendly but a bit awkward. Talked for a while and I mentioned I'm doing this nude posing thing. Turns out she's in the EXACT FUCKING CLASS I'm supposed to be showing my dick to.   So yeah I'm not gonna do that anymore
How incredible is your physique that you'd be willing to do that to begin with
I went on a few dates with a fit chick, she doesn't lift that much but does tons of cardio, kickboxing, shit like that. I thought it would be dope, but I think she's extremely boring...   is this how grills think of me?? My life is almost exclusively law school and the gym with 2ish hours of free time per day. Maybe I'm boring. Oh well. 
Find a grill who appreciates you for who you are and what you do, no matter what the fuck that is
TFW Tren is improving every aspect of my already awesome life  - have people approaching me asking for PT/coaching every day and happy to pay whatever I charge   - I have the opposite of the normal Tren "relationship destruction" side effect where I am just super loved up and caring towards my gf and she is reflecting all of it  - I was cutting hard for about 6-8 weeks then got too burnt out so now recomping/eating in a slight surplus/however I feel and now growing like crazy BUT STILL GETTING LEANER Macros are 350 pro 25-75 fat 50-650 carb depending on day  - My acne is actually clearing up because Mast is drying my skin out. Look overall fresher and healthier.  - I am a fucking god amongst peasants  - My cawk is bigger from blood pressure gainz, also even after 15 hour work days the sex drive increase helps me soldier on and still provide some sweet lovin to my gf.  So yeah all in all I fkn loooove Tren
Trens fun af. The initial diarrhea sucks though 
Peasant checking in just to say fuuaaark you make me jealous with those sweet life gains 
My temper got so short it was stupid, and I had a short temper before. The funniest thing I went off about (after the fact... after the hysterical wife and me off tren) was when my wife asked for help cooking rice. I was on the couch when she asked how much water to add without telling me the amount of rice. So a just kept repeating 2 to 1 every time she asked. After the third time I got up yelled TWOOOOO TO OOONNNNEEEEEE and dumped 5lbs of rice in the pot and slashed open a gallon of water and dumped it in then threw the pot in the sink. That's when I realized tren was a no go hahaha
Yikes. I actually don't have the short fuse issue, I just don't really give a fuck. Been dating this girl for a while and she is dead set on wanting to be engaged in the next year and married shortly after. Totally set on that and we've discussed it a couple times before.  Lately I just want absolutely nothing to do with that. Fuck, I'm 22, living in a new city, feeling joocy on my first tren cycle, trying to get my life figured out and do the shit I want. The last thing I fucking want in life is to settle down and have to be responsible for someone else or be accountable to anyone.  Tren has given me tunnel vision pretty much, all I care about is work and the gym. Go out on the weekends with my buddies but that's about it. Thinking about life and relationships and settling down right now just seems like the dumbest fucking thing to me. I had these concerns before tren but now I just don't give a fuck about voicing them.
Banging randoms is empty for me and i think most of us who do it. I dont see getting engaged as settling down like you all of a sudden arent allowed to do stuff and have fun. If you and your girl love each other youre very lucky imo.
Eh I got married at 20, while I Crack jokes about it being horrible, I enjoy it. But that's what I wanted haha.... tren will change and amplify your mind and thoughts. Don't go making decisions until a month off tren haha
Yeah I feel ya man, had a friend whose very experienced be like "watch out bro all of the big boys call Tren relationship destroyer in a bottle" and I have had a lot of mates tell me how they fuck up their relationships through paranoia/insecurity/wild rampant irrational emotions.  I've ran Tren twice in the past, but at much lower doses and for a shorter duration of time when I was in a lot worse place mentally and did get some of the negative sides then, but this run it has just been fkn magic thank goodness because my GF and I are bound for life soulmates.
Pics or gtfo
Of his dick, right? Nohomo of course.  
Pics
If you're trying to discourage me you're failing.
Don't do it man. Girls will be on your dick 24/7 and you'll never get anything done. 
The horror 
Went heavy on squats yesterday and now my lower back is killing me... Help
Decided to compete in a Powerlifting meet next week and aim for 1000 lbs total. Would be a first real achievement for me and the heaviest I've ever lifted. 170 lb bw
RIP. I hope you don't fuck any of 'em.
I might be late to the party but I just discovered that Costco sells their own Kirkland brand protein bars now. 21g protein, 15g fiber, 190cals, less than a dollar per bar.   Love you, Costco.
Absolutely embarrassed myself in an impromptu powerlifting meet today.  Failed both my bench attempts, squatted poverty, and failed a new deadlift pr.  This is what happens when you live the permacut life.  I wanna spend the next year eating like mad and lifting heavy, but I'm still fat as shit  Tfw both fat and weak.  
Feeling weak and small and having to keep cutting is the definition of purgatory. 
TIL /r/trees and /r/MarijuanaEnthusiasts are not what they seem
Hit tri's and bi's extra hard this morning. That was 7 hours ago and my arms still feel huge.
because you're still in the middle of your 8hr arm day, right?
The handbrake failed in my car, it just so happened that it happened as I was walking towards it from the shop, as it started rolling down into the main road I paused for a second contemplating whether I should drop the fresh carton of eggs I'd bought or let my car crash into traffic. My priorities for food are seriously fucked up.
Looks like I'm today's DD breakup. I've seen it coming the past month but couldn't pull the trigger because she would break down and start crying when I would bring the idea of a breakup up. Finally got her to admit we should breakup. It's for the best I've got a lot of stuff I've been procrastinating due to being too comfortable and complacent. It's time to get back to grind mode now. About 1 week out from the end of my cut so I guess it's time to go hoeing too.
FUCK YEAH BRO TIME TO GET FUKKIN YOLKED
Going to try to finally get back in the gym tomorrow after having my little gains goblin for a week. Gotta say the dad life has been amazing so far. 
Getting close to 5 pl8s on DL which is awesome. Not even close to 4/3 in squat/bench, though. I guess I'll just have to deal with being a 5/3/2 weirdo. 
I walked out of the gym with a joocy chest and tri pump today and me and the hot front desk girl locked eyes and smiled at each other.  What do
say whats up next time you walk into the gym and get her name
Post it on the DD
Ignore her and never make eye contact again
Got it
I'm at the point in my cut where my daily calorie intake leaves me a little hungry at the end of the day. I'm also starting to crave foods more and more.   If this gets much worse I'll end up counting down the days until I start my bulk back up. 
...I'm finally at the point in my lean bulk where my calorie intake only leaves me a little hungry
I still have a thigh gap. Just kill me now
White girls must love you.
Men want him, women want to be him...
Anybody get super cold when cutting? I'm not even at low bf...
Sitting in class, can't hit gym for another hour. But the DD is up and I didn't know what else to post.
Nudz
I have one quote for you today(I ADORE quotes)  "If you are going through hell, keep going." - Sir Winston Churchill 
Is it just me or is cutting way easier than bulking?  At least with cutting, if I'm feeling hungry, I know I shouldn't eat more (if I've already hit my macros).  With bulking I'm so confused. I think I'm getting enough, but am stalling so need to eat more. So I eat more, but by the end of the day I don't know if its enough... And then theres the whole ratio of clean bulking vs just eating shit... and then there's being full but still needing to eat more.  Cutting is easy - eat clean and don't give in to urges.  
Stupid question but how do you guys get the dumbbells up when benching? Do you start with your arms extended or down? Every way I try feels awkward and I'm worried I'll jack my shoulders up if I go heavier.
Start sitting up, dumbbells on knees. While "kicking" them up to your chest by bouncing your knees, lean back til you're flat on the bench. Should end up flat with dumbbells on chest and semi-supinated/neutral grip. Just pronate while you push for your first rep and then rep it out
Moved to a new city back in February. Figured I hadn't gotten a checkup in a while and should find a doctor anyways, so found a well-reviewed-online doctor, called them up and set up an initial appointment.  Lucky for me, they insist I get initial bloodwork done to see where I'm at with everything before having a legit physical. If you're gonna twist my arm...
I couldn't train for like 2 months because i had a groin injury. surprisingly didn't miss it, I started again this week and holy shit only now do i realise just how much I missed lifting.   that comfortable feeling of waking up with DOMS, laying in bed watching luke cage after killing a workout....shits better than sex, all 27 seconds of it
Fighting with middle management through passive aggressive emails, haven't slept and can't lift. Needed to vent so I don't send this draft email. 
Working near Manchester right now and everything is so fucking cheap its great. Plus the english lads I work with are funny as fuck. Havent been lifting since Im working 7 12s but Ill live.
Bulking is about to be great bros. Just learned that the McDonald's beside my school offers a deal to students where if you buy one meal, you get another exactly like it for free. Gains city here I come
I've been cleaning up my diet real nice going on for 2 months now, hitting my macros but slipped for a few days during the weekend but I'm back on track as of this week.  Been making superb strength gains while losing fat, down 8lbs now. Benching 225lbs for reps now, slowly upping the weight weekly. Pulled 405lbs raw the other day quite easily, back was bothering me a bit going on but feel like I could pull more. Squat is progressing nice and fine.  Least to say my diet has improved and my lifts have improved because of it.
I didn't realize how terrible high rep deadlifts are. I did sets of 10 and they were killer even though 10 reps isn't that high. I usually do 5x5 but today was a nice switch up.
Girl at the gym invited me back to her apartment to study  Ended up making me finish so hard that I let one rip  Moral of the story is don't cheat on your girl with broadbacked babes from the gym or karma will bite you in the ass immediately 
You're a piece of shit for cheating tho
Anyone else get super stressed out about all this college shit during senior year of high school? Really wished I learned that I should've tried in HS 3 years ago rather than a month ago. Maybe then I wouldn't be extremely average with my 2.8 GPA and 1180/1600 SAT and I would have some potential scholarships instead.
Trust me man, don't stress out a lot.  It may seem extremely important now but it won't make or break you 4 years down the road.  
Had an upper ab vein come out after smashing last night
I just killed shoulders and tri's and I'm feeling good as Fuck right now. Kill those work outs brahs
Tomorrow will be the day I did legs 2 days ago, help me get op bros 
what do you guys do as a creative outlet?  i recently finished up one of my classes in college and now have a load of free time during the day and am not sure what to fill it with. been trying to find something like making rap beats, but haven't done anything yet because it costs a lot to get into.
Every time I lift my nose starts running really bad. I have to blow my nose between every set. It's getting annoying really fast.  I'm not sick, no allergies, no runny nose outside of the gym. Anyone have an idea why this happens?
Tried a new (for me) protein bar I hadn't seen ever called Fitjoy it's flavor was mint chocolate about a month ago and honestly out of every protein bar by them I've ever had it was the best tasting one. It reminds me of the mints you'd get at Olive Garden at the end of your meal and I've had 1 a day at least for the past month. 11/10 would recommend to all you who like mint chocolate candy. 
No way, fuckin Andes Mountain Mints tastin protein bars???  I gotta check that shit out.
Why not go with Legs/Abs split.   Also if you have elbow assisted machines in the gym, you can do chest flyes, reverse-flyes and lateral raises.
Haven't benched in 3 months. Still made a 20lb jump on a 3RM from the last time after doing some rehab after an injury. Feels good. Not a PR but but better than expected.
Got eye fucked by some fit chick today. tfw when they pump is more important than conversing.... that and autism
Trying to be more strict with my cutting diet. Ended up going out with a friend, getting too drunk, and eating half a pizza last night so have yet to eat today and it's 4pm. Sipped a protein shake over 5 hours at work and have to watch my carbs/fats. Damn 400 calorie slices of pizza. 
I'm not enjoying the club swimming practices so I haven't been in over a week even though I really like the people on the team. So instead I'm going to get some practices from the coach I've had the most success under and do them on my own and just show up to meets.
Wanting some tips for cutting the final week before Halloween.  Need that super saiyan look if you know what i mean. 
Eat nothing until you're on the verge of losing consciousness then have a glass of water and 2 grapes. 
Quick question about supersets. Anyone doing them almost every workout? I want to do it with almost every accessory exercises because it saves me so much time (for example delt flyes and tricep exercises or shrugs and bicep curls). Anyone who's doing it or know if it's sustainable to do it for a long period?
The only reason it would be bad is if your shitty work capacity keeps you from getting good work in on your "target" lifts.
The last week before switching programs is always the worst. I feel so demotivated. 
You'll need alot more than winter homie
nice thigh-gap bruuh, look cute in those shorts
Is it ok to do a PPLPP split? I can only make it to the gym 5 times a week but I really like the PPL split
Sure, you are just doing less legs, if you want more legs just start doing it like -  PPLPP Rest Rest LPPLP Rest Rest PLPPL Rest Rest PPLPP 
Frustrates me that some gyms won't let me use chalk when there is juice everywhere. 
I imagine your gym with vials and syringes lying around but they draw the line at chalk. 
ICF is fine. Eat more than 120g protein. Count your calories/macros to make sure you're actually getting the right amounts.
120 protein is trash, eat more
I'm not going anywhere with this cut. I've been maintaining for a month. I guess I should just commit to the bulk already.  Tell me I can eat ice cream again.
"You can eat ice cream again."
I think it's called "beer"
I got too ambitious on rack pulls yesterday and I think I slipped a disc. Couldn't even rest 225 on my back for squats today. Please wake me from this nightmare
I have an appointment to get looked at today. Unfortunately I'm in a foreign country and will probably get the military "rest and eat motrin" prognosis"
Dry spell for the past 4 months, but for some fucking reason, Ive slayed 6 chicks in the last 30 days. I started bulking again 2 months ago, feel stronger and fuller, but a little puffy. You guys told me cutting so suppose to get me laid more, no one ever said anything about bulking.
Bulking you look better with clothes on, cutting you look better with clothes off.
Error 404.
what calves
Strained my hamstring, need to go easy on it the next week or so to avoid compounding the issue.   Tips for recovery? Will do massage and plenty stretching for sure. Has anyone here tried cryotherapy? If so have you seen any benefit from it. 
Seems like an easy spot to hit with a foam roller. Most commercial gyms seem to have at least a couple for use.
I foam roll every day, lacrosse ball too. Had a spasm 2 days ago benching then was deadlifting yesterday and my hamstring gave out a bit. Was rushing and didn't stretch enough, stupid on my part, still kicking myself over it. 
If I popped some cialis before a workout, would I die?
No...
Only if you're hungover
too meta for me
He said he was awake for that though so he was consciously choosing to think about that
Gaining strength on a small deficit as a natural. Thoughts? I'm thinking about switching to Candito's 6 Week program, which is anywhere from 3-5 days a week depending on which week of the program it is. Would I be able to get stronger at a small deficit of 200-300 calories? I'm still a little flabby on the stomach (4 pack in good lighting), but I don't think I have enough mass to cut further (and fucking sick of being hungry tbh). Thoughts on this approach?
It'll work, just veeeerrrrrryyyyy sloooooowwwwwlllllllyyyyy, which is why people usually just suck it up and fully commit to one, then the other. Up to you.
I've never come close to puking on leg day. Is this a normal thing?
If you're not seeing stars, contemplating suicide and holding back vomit, are you even really trying? 
Tbh I always thought the whole vomit crew was to do with eating way too close to training.
Squat till you puke
T minus two hours to shoulders and arms. Anyone have a fantastic arm finisher? I need a skin splitting, muscle testing, masochistic arm finisher. 
21s for bis and skull crushers SS with close grip bench (use the same ez curl bar) for tris 
Got this from Paul Carter- 100 rep curls. Grab a decent weight and rep out 100. The pump is better than jizzing.
zottman curls.. If you hold the weight slightly out infront of you at the bottom of the motion it'll hit up your front delt a bit too
Will Google it. Rep scheme?
Sorry for late reply. I like to finish up with FST 7 (Google) or a super set. For instance today I hit shoulders and finished with a superset of press machine and lateral raise 3x12 each
Run the rack bro. Nothing fancy
I know this isn't the freak out Friday's but I recently got a new bar because my old one is starting to bend. Only one problem. The bar itself is not tight making shit like bench, deadlift, ohp a bitch to do. Looks like I gotta return it. Anyone know what kind of bar doesn't wobble like a senior without their cane? Fuck I'm pissed
You get what you pay for with bars, my gym has some rogue westside power bars, they are great for everything, and in all likelihood will never break or get bent.  
The old bar was bending not the new one. Gotta clarify that in my first reply haha. I'm no where near strong enough to bend a 1500 bar 
Thing was 300 bucks. Supposed to hold up to 1500. Rogue west side? I'll look into that
Should I feel rows in my lats or my upper/mid back? I feel like every back exercise I do I only feel it in my lats. I guess what I'm asking is if I'm hitting my lats, am I indirectly hitting my upper/mid back? 
I feel it in my lats a lot but also my upper back. I have to really squeeze my upper back tight to feel it though, like shoulders back and pulled in.
Yeah, I try to do this at the top of each rep of rowing movements, the only rows i feel in my upper back are wide grip cable rows, close grip tbar rows, and incline dumbbell rows.
Edit this and put a double space where you want a new line...please and thank you.   Let me explain.   barbell bench press 4x12-10-8-6 (double space goes here)   dumbbell shoulder press blah blah blah (double space goes here)   Rest is up to you, big homey.  
formatting/10
0/19
Coming off a 2 month Blackstone pro hormones cycle. On PCT now. Can't get hard. How long will this last 
Why the fuck 
ED isn't worth the minor gains you'd make on prohormones man
forever
Might as well become a bottom forever
Me and my boys showed up to the boneyard to do some squats and there was this dyel asian kid on our rack squatting like 95lbs. We all approached him and he started to pack up all of his stuff but I stopped him and said "Oh nah it's okay bud, you can work in with us." Then I loaded up a couple of plates on each side, smirked and said "Better yet, why don't we work in with you??" He looked confused and nervous. I nodded at one of my boys and he loaded up 3 more plates on one side. I picked up the dyel kid and put him on the bar ass first on the other side (he weighs roughly 135lbs) and me and my bros took turns squatting him for reps. A couple of qt cardio bunnies walked by and were laughing their asses off watching him go up and down. He looked like he was actually getting a workout, he was sweating like crazy. Haven't seen him since.
I don't know what the point of this was.
Oh yea?
Reformat this as a greentext and it'll fit right in on the daily gym bully thread on /fit/
I'm pretty sure I saw this exact comment in that thread yesterday.
Always been a fan of this dude. Thinking he might be the future 212 Olympia champ. 
Flex Lewis has FIVE 212 trophies under his belt. Well deserved too. The guy looks incredible. One of my favorite physiques in the IFBB world. Nicolas has a long way to go IMO. 
Yeah Flex is unbeatable atm. I didn't say otherwise. And yes Nicolas is still young though, but i feel he has what it takes to dethrone Flex in the future
My PT mind makes me wonder if he has such good glute definition due to him compensating for low back weakness (looks under developed IMO). Anyone else want to build off this?
I think you are overthinking stuff a lot and his lack of lower back definition is because his lats are so big and insert so low (the same way Kai's lats hide his erectors).
Hey how do I find a local PT in my area who is knowledgeable for Powerlifters and Bodybuilders?
His lower back looks pretty thick. Could be he's holding water there and not getting as good of separation.
Hello fellow PT - glutes compensating for the low back is a very atypical pattern. He is definitely shredded but maybe still holds some fat/fluid in the low back? Could be a genetic/hormonal thing, or the way he trains the spinal erectors e.g. Isometric spinal extension versus greater ROM which would likely increase hypertrophy. I'm not sure if that still holds true with drugs, though.
could just be the time the photo was taken. he might have not fully gone into the pose
Exactly where I was looking. It could possibly be genetics? Would love to work with this guy and see exactly whats going on muscular engagement wise. The dudes gotta have a killer mind/body connection. 
he looks short    dem cheese grater gloots
Because he is, the dude competes in 212 category
One time i was on the leg press and this guy pulls down his pants and wedgied himself with his undies and had ass striations like this. It was amazing.
Did u get hard 
Jesus christ
Those lats are throwing a Hail Mary down his back.
There really isn't any need to ever test 1rms on it, unless you want to.  Stay on the program long enough, and just keep increasing your TM's, and eventually you'll be hitting your old PR'S for multiple reps.  If you do decide to test 1rms, just take a few days off, and then go in and give them a shot. Nothing too complicated.
Appreciate the answer. And to be completely honest, i spent an hour and a half this morning looking for ANY post made by you and got enraged at the reddit search engine. only to now find out that you made a new account and i was chasing a ghost... Oh well. Starting with the first lower day today.   Do you have any recommendations as to what accessories somebody should be doing for deadlift days if they are slow off the floor? I have been incorporating deficits but i feel that would be A LOT of deadlifting on that day. 
Deficits, front squats, leg press, rows
Yeah I suppose that's what I'll end up doing. How much of a deficit did you use and what was the weight like? Challenging or maybe just 135 with speed as the goal?
Perfect, thats what i have been using for mine as well.   Thanks for the help my man. 
No worries bro beans, hope your dl speeds up 
I'm switching from PHUL to 531 BBB for the winter, using the version where you hit one compound per day (the heavy sets followed by the 5x10 of the same compound lift).   Obviously 531 is a proven program, but should I be worried at all about not hitting muscle groups twice a week (other than back) now?
I'm doing my own take on 5/3/1 so I hit body parts twice a week. Doing 4 days and split is Chest/Back and Shoulders/Legs.   For example for Chest/Back, I hit BB bench for heavy sets followed by 5x10 incline then I'll do 5x10 BB rows. Then a few days later I'll do Back/Chest which is deadlift for heavy sets followed by 5x10 lat pull downs then 5x10 DB bench.  I've set it up this way so I hit body parts twice a week and getting at least 10 sets per major muscle group a week. Obviously the main focus of 5/3/1 is to get stronger which is how I'm judging my success but I didn't want to completely abandon all aspects of bodybuilding. I also throw in 3 sets of biceps on chest/shoulders and 3 sets of triceps on shoulders/legs. Having previously done PHAT, it's going pretty good so far and strength is on the up.
Frequency is incredibly important IMO, I'd definitely have your BBB accessories set up so that you hit each lift twice a week.
Depends on your goals. For hypertrophy, yes. This can be altered though. Instead of repeating the same lift, do the opposite.Bench 5/3/1 paired with OHP 5x10, then full upper body accessories. Squat 5/3/1 paired with Deadlift 5x10 then full lower body accessories. etc.
Any preference over HIIT vs Low intensity during contest prep? 
LISS by far.
It seems like all the pros go with LISS, although thats probably more to do with keeping CV health markers in check.  In any case LISS is less fatiguing and it won't make you as hungry.
HIIT is more efficient as your burn calories faster. However it's more taxing and can be counterproductive on your recovery. Low intensity takes much longer to burn equivalent amount of calories but does not break down as much muscle or tax you as much thus leaving recovery times unaffected. Long story short, avoid cardio at all costs. 
LISS takes longer to get as much work done as HIIT but most folks can't do HIIT every day.  Especially at contest prep when the body is being pushed pretty hard.    
Stair mill and swimming are my go-to's.  Stair mill after legs and swimming after either chest or back really help to loosen things up, but I haven't hit the stage yet so I could be totally wrong here.
HIIT is more taxing on the CNS, but imo is more efficient at burning calories within a certain amount of time 
I need a program to supplement recovery and help me focus on form and mobility. I keep tweaking my back and shoulder and also have intermittent bicep tendonitis. I have just started doing Limber 11, but was hoping there's something that I can run as a routine for a few months that was structured like the beginner PPL or SL that I was running previously. My thought is to go to the gym and not worry about progressing or accessory lifts but start to repair the infrastructure on my apparently whack as shit body. I don't mind spending the hour to two I was spending six days a week. Any ideas? Googling hasn't been super helpful. 
It might be a good investment at this point to visit a sports physiotherapist and do a consultation. They can find your imbalances and recommend some mobility work.
If you have insurance and a back issue, try and find a comprehensive spine guy who has it in house. My pt/physio team was amazing.
Sounds like it's time to Deload for a little bit and focus on form/mobility until you heal up.
Not a body builder I'm just curious how long you people who are actually good at lifting spend in the gym per training session
Depends on the session and intensity. Listen to your body.  Some days I just want more and some days I feel like trash
1-1.5 hours 4 days a week. 
2-3 hours now, but when I started it was a bit over an hour. 
2 hours per day
1.5-2hours
Usually 1 hour for upper or lower days. 45 minutes for push or pull days.
Hour and 15 minutes for me normally. 
3-4hours. Enhanced though 
All the volume. Considering just test once i get a year or two of lifting in. I want to get jacked, but i dont want to do a mixture.  Makes me nervous about PCT when its all mixed up instead of just a test. Still in research phase.   Is your recovery sped up drastically while juicin?
I'm gonna have to find some summer reading on the stuff. I know /r/steroids has some info in the sidebar, but it feels like nobody has updated shit in a long while and i don't know what is up to date and what is outdated.
Lurk the AskAnything thread. Can learn more there than in the sidebar imo. 
Get as much information in as possible. Steroids are the shit, but they can have serious side effects. 
For sure. I just need to find some good material. None of this bloggy bullshit i keep seeing around.
Readin the Ask anything threads in /r/steroids is always a good way to gain knowledge 
2 hours 6-7 times per week
This.  Just can't seem to get out of there in less than 2 hours.
Exactly. If I were to only train 1 hour it would feel like a complete waste of time without getting things done
With reference to me...also, The crowd here is more knowledgable about lifting than /r/fitness which is where I usually hang out.
2 hours, x4 times a week. Upper/lower split
He's making another program??? Shit, good to know, I have to keep my eye on it
Worst lifter here..  Bout 45 to 50 mins
As a Natty cutting. I'm taking pwo before my training and feel like i can go for hours, I finish my workout in 45-1 hour but sometimes the energy makes me want to carry on.   Would it be any use just banging out more sets at the end? Or would that do nothing 
add a set or two to your compound exercises
Most people don't grow on a cut. If you are progressively overloading on your exercises without needing to take a volume reduction, just stick with that and be happy.
Could you put the extra energy into cardio? I'm all for more sets, but if you're cutting and succeeding in your current plan, more cardio should just eat away more fat, right?
If you feel like you can, and you are recovering well, then give it a go. Track your progress.
I am having trouble using my glutes in the squat when I am coming out of the hole. Any cues for how to feel/activate your glutes during squat?
Grab a stretch band and tie it into a loop essentially making a hip circle. Use it for your warmups. It has healed all my back problems and just been fucking dope.
so far of everything I've tried, including physical therapy, loading my hamstrings with conventional rack pulls/RDL have been the ticket. But bridges definitely help as long as you stay in neutral spine and don't tuck your pelvis.
When I get past a certain point, just under parallel I'd say, my glutes get this crazy stretch and it seems impossible not to have them fire out of the hole. Perhaps you aren't truly going low enough?
Sit on a bench with your legs at 90. Fire your glutes. It should lift you off the bench a bit. Feel that squeeze.   Stand and do a bodyweight squat to depth nice and slow. When you hit depth, fire your glutes the same as you did while sitting. Slowly come up maintaining that contraction.    Cue yourself how you see fit when you add the bar.    Im pretty good at remembering to activate as i do it while driving. If i turn in my vehicle im activating a glute to keep from swaying around. Not sure why i do it, but have done it since i was a kid in the back seat of my mom or dads vehicle. 
Try doing some bridges or something that targets the glutes before you squat. Some people do this with their quads before they squat if they can't feel it there, usually by doing some high rep leg extensions or something not very taxing.
Someone got a full bodyworkout for 3-4 times a week? Not motivated for my 2split anymore
That seems like a really horrible and boring routine that neglects tons of important exercises.
Question about n-suns 5/3/1.  For the secondary exercise each day is the spreadsheet supposed to change as you change the training maxes? Or do you just increase weight as you hit the reps each week.
On the 5 day every set is calculated by your maxes that you adjust with the arrows. 
Huh. That's what I figured. I'm using the numbers app my my iPhone to adjust it, but the second sets don't change. Like on squat day when I change my max, the squat sets change but the sumo don't.   I'll have to try a different app
Sumo dead should change as you adjust the convential deadlift max. I'd see why youd be confused since certain days effect other days numbers.
Getting ready to switch from a PHUL variant to 5/3/1 and was wondering if running my PHUL and just changing the progression on the big 4 from linear to 5/3/1's progression would be doable.   Upper would be   5/3/1 Bench on Monday, 5/3/1 OHP on Thursday   Db incline bench 4x12  Dumbbell row 4x5  Lat pull 4x12, 1xAMRAP  cable lateral raise 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Dumbbell curl 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Overhead tricep extension 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Cable crunches 4x15, 1xAMRAP  Lower would be  5/3/1 Squat on Tuesday, 5/3/1 Deadlift on Friday   Leg Press 4x15  Leg curl 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Leg extension 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Seated Calf raid 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Cable crunches 4x12, 1xAMRAP  sun-sat is RULRULR
cant change that fam 
rate my push workout  barbell bench press 4 x 12-10-8-6 dumbbell shoulder press 4 x 12-10-8-6 close-grip bench press (triceps) 4 x 12-10-8-6 dumbbell incline press 3 x 8-10 dumbbell lateral raise 3 x 8-10 ez bar skullcrusher 3 x 8-10 dumbbell incline fly 3 x 8-10 cable crossover 3 x 8-10 dumbbell rear lateral raise 3 x 8-10 cable pushdown 3 x 8-10 
Compounds first  Don't do close grip bench early on before incline  Chest first, shoulders second, triceps last
For those who don't know, this is also the guy that has the absurd 20,000 calorie cheat days during prep.
I've spent an unhealthy amount of time trying to come up with a way that I could eat 20000 kcal in one day and no matter what foods I do the math with, I just cannot fathom eating enough of it to be 20000 calories  Like fuck that's over 6 pounds of straight butter.  That's 10 full Supreme digiorno pizzas  That's 150 boneless Asian zing wings from Buffalo wild wings  A cup of peanut butter has about 1500 calories which sounds like a lot but you'd have to eat over 13 cups of peanut butter in one day in order to do it. 
You just have no creativity.  Wake up, Marie calendar's cream pie with a liter of milk. We're at 4500 kcal total.  Two hours later, time for breakfast. Coffee, four oz half and half, two tablespoons sugar per cup, two cups. Bacon, five slices, sausage two patties. Six eggs friend in two tablespoons oil. Three big old pancakes smothered in syrup and butter. We're at 7,250 kcal so far, and it's not even ten AM yet.  Take a break to let it settle, and then let's go English-style while keeping up the pie theme. A rustic chicken pot pie and three imperial pints of a strong beer. What's a meal without a side dish or dessert, though? A large order of poutine fries and two McDonald's apple pies. We're up to 11,650 kcal and we're prepping for the big one.   Man, that's admittedly running around to a lot of different shops today. Might as well settle in, rest for quite a few hours, and order some delivery. What sounds better than a pizza pie? An XL Chicago deep dish and a two liter of coke. Since we've shown we're a model of restraint, let's make that whiskey and coke, and drink a bottle of wild turkey. There are denser options, but since we're already ordering pizza and I love them, two orders of cinnamon sticks (with frosting, of course) for dessert.  And, whoops. I went over by over 1000. 
Appreciate the effort and love the write up. But there's no fucking way I could wake up and eat that whole cream pie and then move right on to a pretty large breakfast. That breakfast would probably be pushed back until around noon, which would just throw off the whole schedule, ultimately dooming me to failure 
He has a pretty recent video with Marc lobliner where he shops for that day. Tons of cereal pop tarts and ice cream. That would be the life 
That's 50 packs of pop tarts to get to 20k calories, I just can't even imagine 
I think it helps when you don't eat 20k cals of the same food lol
I would love to have a /r/bodybuilding challenge to see who could consume the most calories in a single day. It would in no way shape or form be healthy or productive for any of us, but I know there are so many people here like me that probably could eat 10k easy at least. 
It's amazing how much better someone's physique looks when they have good skin and an even tan 
Judging by this picture alone, he looks like a classic bodybuilder with modern conditioning
Guy is a lot bigger than this picture shows. He has a small waist, but that fucker is big. I trained next to him at Bevs a few times. Strong as a bull too.
That's exactly what he was doing next to me haha. I was rowing 225 for maybe 8 reps and he was repping out 405 for like 15
i only watch him eating
His off season fluff is crazy, his bulk mode is impressive
For some reason I always mistake him for Victor Martinez and vice versa
Lesser known fact, he shook his baby and it died from the injuries.....
Did he do time for that? I've heard this mentioned before so I always kinda just dismiss this dude as a human and pretend he does not exist.
I have no idea, wondered that myself
oooooh I Juan More
he is known for eating a ton of shit (so much sugar, it's disgusting) on his off-season and having some crazy cheat meals during prep, so yeah, he is very mentioned.
Some dude left this comment on Kevin Levrone's instagram the other day. It's hilarious so I guess it's the new meme lol 
The Arab commentators have a new level of wtf to them 
Check his other pics if you'd like, Francis had excellent symmetry, granted though this picture does little to display this. I wasn't referring to this picture for his symmetry, I just love this photo. 
Lobster claw triceps 
Damn right
He looks like a goddamn incredible statue every time I see him
Fuuuuk that taper and that pose. Looking broiled and slow-roasted af. What kind of stack do I need to take to look like this and where can I get it
Creatine and Ronnie Colemans fat loss lotion.  That's what Arnold did at least and look at him 
I suspected as much. Sadly I'm too afraid to hop on creatine, but maybe in a few years
Lgd 4 weeks
3 month (16 week) test cycle 
I posted this in Training Thursday but I think it got buried.  Getting ready to switch from a PHUL variant to 5/3/1 and was wondering if running my PHUL and just changing the progression on the big 4 from linear to 5/3/1's progression would be doable.   Upper would be   5/3/1 Bench on Monday, 5/3/1 OHP on Thursday   Db incline bench 4x12  Dumbbell row 4x5  Lat pull 4x12, 1xAMRAP  cable lateral raise 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Dumbbell curl 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Overhead tricep extension 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Cable crunches 4x15, 1xAMRAP  Lower would be  5/3/1 Squat on Tuesday, 5/3/1 Deadlift on Friday   Leg Press 4x15  Leg curl 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Leg extension 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Seated Calf raid 4x12, 1xAMRAP  Cable crunches 4x12, 1xAMRAP  sun-sat is RULRULR  Hopefully this isn't to late on this DD and I can get some input. Thanks for any help guys. 
Most successful cut of my life.   194.6lbs on August 29, 180.6lbs today  Should be able to hit target of 16 pounds in 8 weeks.   Every lift has gone up in numbers during the cut as well. 
Out of curiosity, How old are you, and how long have you been lifting?
Lifting since I was 14 but only  for rugby training in the off season, nothing serious or consistent. Only started seriously lifting since November.   Had a few months here and there of serious lifting thought the last 5 years but was travelling around for work etc. too much to get into any sort of routine. 
my every set goes to failure pretty much, I can do like 6-8 reps of most movements, i do 5 sets. icecream fitness is my routine atm. is going to failure every set bad?
Not bad but not optimal imo. If your doing a 5x5 routine and you can hit all those reps with out going to failure go up in weight. If you'd rather do the high rep stuff then drop the weight a bit and focus more on the contraction and movement more than the weight you hit. You will still increase weights but just slower but reps can go up as well with this approach increasing volume. With ICF I believe that's meant to be ran as 5x5 with hypertrophy accessories. That my 2cents anyways. 
but why is going to failure or near failure bad? isn't it just using the muscle more than you would by not going as close to f?
It's not bad. It can actually be beneficial as long as form doesn't suffer.   What makes it less than ideal is the fact that using 5x5 means you're wanting to train for strength, lifting less weight doesn't accomplish that. 
Do more sets mean more mass? I'm on ppl currently doing 5 sets of bp instead of 4. Will this hinder my growth in any way, help my growth or do absolutely nothing at all? Basically, is more less or is more actually more?
More max effort sets will mean more mass. On mobile right now and am lazy, but there is an article on strengtheory about this with a title with new and hypertrophy somewhere in there.   Basically it said that you could do heavy sets of 6 or medium sets of 12 or whatever you want, but as long as they are max effort, you'll make some dope ass gains when you do many sets. So the more quality sets the better.
So more is more. You get what you put in it, right?
Bombed my multivariable calc quiz but on the plus side I discovered incline chest fly is a nice finisher for push day
I thought r/bodybuilding was gay... But I decided to check out r/fitness and this sub is the epitome of straightness compared to that place.
Evidence?
Go read some of the shit over there. It's the gayest shit I've ever seen. This sub is "I'm a heterosexual male but I'd definitely let those jacked dudes fuck my ass definitely no homo tho" gay.  r/fitness is on a whole new level
I think I was hoping you'd do the work of finding comments for me.
Look at slightly longer trends then day by day for bulks or cuts. Like 1x per week always weighing yourself like every Monday morning. Seems like you are nitpicking over water weight 
Ex gf finally got a job ..... in the same office building I work in.  Out of every potential workspace in Los Angeles, this is what happens.  Gotta get in some brain reps for mental strength gains bros. 
Is she 5/7? Smash on lunch break. Alternatively, pay no attention to her but make sure she sees you hanging out with a 5/7 regularly, and laughing and joking around.
5/7? Is this some new rating system I haven't heard of? What's wrong with 10?
Saw a dude I've spoken to once or twice at the gym today doing deadlifts. Finished each pull with a massive hyperextension - it was like an imaginary dude was trying to punch him when he reached the top of the movement the way he leant back so far. Wonder how long it is until he gets that one way ticket to snap city. Can't be giving that unsolicited advice doe. 
I normally lift Mon/Tue/Thu/Fri/Sat doing Lower/Upper/Lower/Push/Pull, but I'll be out of town on Saturday. Should I double up and do Push and Pull tomorrow then take both weekend days off? Or do Push tomorrow, off Saturday, then Pull on Sunday? I'm on a deload this week so either/or shouldn't really matter.
Why not do do anything upper day? So your week would look like lower/upper/rest/lower/upper, then just resume as normal on Monday 
That's the first option I listed lol. Combining the Push and Pull days and taking both weekend days off.
Well I'll be damned lol
Does it really matter? If you miss one day a week, a few times a year, you're not gonna be wasting away...  
I was thinking about eating waterbread or pocket eggs during my bulk,but I did some research and found out about pocket tots.Think Napoleon Dynamite was the first to try this method.
Username checks out
goddamn it, what are pocket eggs?
dirty bulk day 400
- me about 398 days from now
23rd birthday today.  Gonna crush a pull day and then smash some BBQ.  
What are people's opinions on Animal Stak? I've used it a few times and I notice some strength increases and what not. But is there something better out there?
Right to the point I like it. And I'm considering hopping on. I just have no idea where I'd even buy it from. I know supplier talk isn't allowed... which makes getting started even harder. 
This man has all the answers. Is there a way to find it?
Yea you know how it's called source talk? And you're talking about steroids? Put those 2 things together somehow.
it rhymes with r/hemorrhoids
They don't allow source talk either
Huh, well then I don't know which sub he's talking about. 
I've been on reddit for a few years just finally made an account to partake in the DD. I've done some research. Not enough to start which is why I said "I'm considering it". Trust me I'm in no rush to get started. I'd rather know exactly what I'm putting in my body before I do something just because a comment suggested it. Thanks for the love. I know education is key before starting. Still not even sure if i really want to.   
Wtf what is your maintenance? 
Congrats on the 1 day, 1.5lb muscle gain. Should just continue that, surely it's maintainable. 
that's water baby 
cutting at 1259? Damn bro I would never advise going that low but I also dont know your stats or anything.
Got with a tinder sloot last night, whole time she kept feeling my arms and must've said " I love your arms" probably like 50x. Yeh I smashed, obviously had to include that.  Side note, just purchased some LGD4033, I know it's a very like not talked about thing around here, but I've done my research. Also I have a couple buddies who tried it and seemed to enjoy it and got good results so I figured why not? Has anyone around here taken it before?   Edit - Not including the dude that said he only took lgd but was clearly on test. 
General consensus is its not really worth the money. It's better than nothing, but if you're going to take drugs to get bigger, might as well go with tried and true steroids. 
With LGD you'll pretty much have the same issues with shut down after cycle as if you pinned Test no need for a AI with the SARM I've heard but def creates shut down. If you really want to go down that road id look more in to a typical first cycle. Pinning is a breeze 
Basically what BeefyDuck said. Make sure your diet is on point and you'll reap the benefits. Suppression sucks which is why I kept my cycles to 6 weeks. 
I'm only gonna do 5mg/8 week. How was your results on it if you don't mind me asking?
Nothing mindblowing but then again my diet wasn't as good as it should have been. I gained 8 pounds in 6 weeks, but I can't say for sure how much was muscle. 
Visually though, how did you like the results? 
They were good. Saw the most growth in my delts out of anything and some slightly above average muscle gain everywhere else while staying fairly lean. 
So overall you'd say it was worth it and certainly helped? 
Worth it? Not really. I could have easily made those gains naturally and while the suppression wasn't unbearable, it was annoying to experience. It just sped up the process, so it definitely helped. However you might like it. It's a fun experience to be on a PED. You'll figure out for yourself whether or not the returns, gains and strength, are worth what you put in, which is suppression and money.
Better come back and tell us how it goes.
I've been on the fence about doing it, and finally pulled the trigger so I totally will report back. 
I would study up on a PCT for after as I've heard that sarm creates shut down. Otherwise I hear great things and am thinking of adding it to my cycle as well. Assuming went with liquid correct? Heard pill form is bogus. 
Lot of spots now that are verified on the sarms subreddit are doing pills now that are legit. I know one source that sells it in powder and you can pill it or use a PG to make it into a liquid. The spot I just bought from is legit though and its pill form.
Starting 3 month aggressive cut. Pray for me brahs
I'm also interested in the answer to this. Mine starts Jan. 1.
Pretty much a 700 Cal deficit. So going from 2400 to 1700. I'll be doing this for 3 months and It'll be higher protein to prevent muscle loss.  Prob will drop cals lower at the end of the 3 month cut 
Pretty much willing to lose muscle to get lean cuisine 
Deload to peanuts and run StrongNuts 5x5.
Sorry as of 3 weeks ago I self-prescribed myself vitamin S and am now running NoNuts 24x7
I too suffer from low natural Tren levels.
GONAD
Yeah, but you're going for a 1RM.  You might not be able to open pistachios all day, but you can open an enormous pistachio once.
Dat dere functional strength.
Pistachios are so good 
find a giant pistachio and deadlift to open it. 
That's OHP
On the road a lot for work, gym suggestions in the northeast and mid Atlantic with membership options that allow you to go to any location? Pls no Planet fitness 
I go to boston sports club, which also has nyc, Philly, and dc locations. Not sure what the cost is for multi city memberships but there's a ton around boston and they aren't bad. 
What time are the orgies at so i'll know not to go? 
Operating hours.
I just don't like crowded gyms, I don't want to be getting in peoples way in the orgy area of the gym.
Mufuggahs curling in the orgy rack
Just stay away from the one in Columbia Heights, then. The shower walls are covered in slime, and the sauna is equally disgusting.
Any chain. LA fitness maybe
My country had just been sold by our idiot of a president to China for 9 Billion USD.  Anyways, I hit PRs left and right at the gym today. My day is still ruined, though. FUCK DUTERTE
What country?
Philippines by the looks of it
maybe phillipines
Pulled something that is messing my neck up doing barbell shrugs. Worth it.
Be careful bb. Missing a few days of training due to a pulled muscle sucks, but missing a few weeks of training due to an injury that could have been prevented sucks way way more.
Dude, same thing happened to me. I'm guessing sloppy form was the cause for me tho.
I just relaxed the traps on the bottom of the rep, just didn't keep the tightness through the whole move I believe
So yeah, a collegue at work just tried to convince me that asparthame was used in the holocaust.   Then he perceded to tell me how dangerous aspartame is, and linked me several pubmed studies. Little did he know I've studied this subject extensively and have studied some biochemistry. So I read through the studies, every study was in favor of aspartame. So linked them back and quoted everything.   Am I a douche? Kinda pumped after that, gonna kill legs now.
Sounds like that dudes just woke as hell and you're a brainwashed idiot.
Not sure if I'm missing the /s here or if you are serious.. Elaborate?
Almost figured.. But we are afterall at bb so my autism is going strong
it's all good.
I hear some of the female SS officers were drinking diet coke to try to lose a little weight due to the pressure of being surrounded by all of those anorexic skinny jewish bitches.  /s
I made up a thing to explain the use of Aspartame in the holocaust
Most likely yeah since aspartame wasn't discovered until 1965. But asbestos seems rather unlikely too since that shit takes time to kill you and it's not a gas. IIRC they mostly used zyklon B. 
I can just imagine a shower room shooting out Equal sweetener.
No. Any real scientist would have done the same
Hello, i am a 17 yr old who has a very stong passion for fitness. I recently competed in a local competition for bodybuilding. I think about bettering myself and how to benefit others in pusruing there fitness goals everyday. Im asking for help becasue i have an oppurtunity to go to college and further education in fitness with a degree in a related area. I have looked up jobs that relate to fitness degress and they don't seem to intrest me. Is there anyone out there with the same passion as me that has a fitness related job and enjoys it? Thanks
I think your best bet would be to get a degree that isn't directly fitness related, but look for a job in the fitness industry. I was also interested in a career related to fitness when I began college, but I ended up with an engineering degree and now I do a lot of work in the healthcare industry. Not directly related to fitness but similar. 
Is this a meme i'm not aware of?
It is now
Try physical therapy or something along those lines
Yesterday night I recieved the most uplifting compliment I have ever gotten from a female. We're a group of people at a bar, I'm sober, girl next to me is close (enough) to sober. We talk a little, small talk. She was there with this other dude so I try not to make it seem like I'm hitting on her. Still every time I say something witty, she touches my quads and shit. After 20 minutes of convi, she and the guy gets up to leave for a night club. Before she leaves she tells me "You're absolutely gorgeous". I wasn't sure I heard that right so I asked "what? Gorgreous?"  "Yes, for a male, you're beautiful."  I got her facebook and shit. Excited to see where this goes.
Strange how disproportionately happy a compliment can make you. Keep at it, gorgeous. 
More like hand clap on lap. Followed by the 'wishy wash' movement
Bruh
These daily threads have kinda become "Freakout Everyday," but I'm oddly okay with it. Reading the shit all of my bros go through on the daily makes me feel so much better about my relatively mundane bullshit that I have to deal with, and I'm sure I'm not alone in that sentiment.
I think that's the charm with these threads.  I read it every day religiously because it's so damn funny.
The DDTs show us up for the insecure weirdos we are. You guys are alright though
It's a bunch of 16-20 year olds giving relationship advice on smashing and being homo about it. It's ok.
I have a confession.   Yesterday, I deadlifted in the squat rack.  I'm so sorry.
I honestly prefer rack pulls to deadlift when I'm focusing on just back development. At the top of the pull, I try to hit a rear lat spread. Doing them this way feels incredible. Obviously the amount of weight you can pull will decrease but the muscle activation is on another level. 
You'll be curling in the squat rack in no time.
...is this bad? I can either dead lift at the squat racks or steal a bar from a bench. 
My LA Fitness has no DL platforms so everyone that actually deadlifts does it in front of the squat racks or the one specific spot that has enough room. Sometimes people squat in the rack and people deadlift right behind them. It doesn't seem to be a big deal. Unrelated but a guy was curling in the fucking power rack yesterday. Now that is bad.
Yea. Ur taking up unnecessary space - unless there arent any other bars
Gonna be lifting with someone for the first time in ages later, BUT he doesnt want to do more than a hour there which means ill only get through half my routine, merrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Show up early and/or stay late
joints and tendons are fucked up in my forearm FUCK, may take off till monday and just do stairmaster and legs
Thanks will do, shits been fucked up for a while need to rest it but sucks still
Just had to end a push day because of a shoulder injury. It hurts just to raise my arm.   I'm just gonna take tomorrow off and hopefully be good to go by Monday. 
Is being a spooky skelly your goal physique
I just wanna get lean and toned like Christian Bale in the machinist
I wish someone would make smedium shirts. Not a small cause it's too tight, and not a medium cause it's not tight enough.  
Have you washed your M in hot water and dried it?  
I just wish there was some consistent standard for sizes. Some brands a medium is the perfect fit, other brands and it's like I'm wearing a damn dress (looking at you Nike). 
Make it tight enough
This... Extra small isn't the same as extra medium...
depends completely on how comfortable you feel tbh - winter isn't a time for taking your shirt off so you might as well use the sweater season to really build some mass
Weigh ins at the morning before food or water, no carbs the night before, no more glycogen as i was already in a surplus in the before picture. So ive added 3 kg of something, if its muscle or fat that is the question. Probably both.  Will continue to bulk however.
Went to get a suit measured for a family event. Woman taking measurements kept saying I'm very tapered and broad. Jokes on her. I'm a fat cunt. She's also from my gym and an absolute milf 
Did you smash?
groce
Bruh I think she was hitting on you, especially if she recognized you and knows you lift
Yeah prolly, was there to get a suit for tomorrow funeral. Not really the best time for getting it going 
How long did it take for her to measure your inseam?
I cummed.
The old ladies working at the shop near me told me I had "perfect proportions" referring to chest to waist ratio. Felt nice for a whole 5 minutes before feeling small again.
I think you know what we're gonna ask tho
get a special pocket built in for eggs
Anyone else have the issue with feeling constantly hungry? Even though I'm bulking I always feel like I'm starving...  Currently consuming 3.5k kcal, 80f/520c/170p. Only sugars I'm eating do come from fruit and I'm eating at least 90g of fibre. So why do I not feel satiated?
Same problem here, I'm more hungry in my 3.5k bulk now than I was in my 2.3k cut
Can we trade stomachs? 
I'd eat more protein personally.
How do you eat 500 carbs. I struggle to hit 400 carbs even when I mix oats in my protien shake.  What's your go to carb sources?
Just eat more rice more often.
What's your diet like? I don't know how to keep my sugar down whilst keeping fat down as well 
Don't eat processed sugary garbage. Stick to lean meats and low fat diary. Use Pam to cook. 
I blame the Test / Deca / Dbol ..... but in reality I'm just a fat cunt on the inside and lack self control.  It's not my fault that brownies and candy bars and ice cream taste so fucking good.
Swap some carbs for some more fat. Fat always makes me feel satiated, but carbs only make me feel full.
Wooord bro and they are tasty too
They also keep your natural test level elevated.
I pin natty Test also.
Ha nice I was just trying to be a smartass I suck at that I see
Went over to /r/fitness for some reason and third comment i read is someone explaining that you can die if you train while you're hungover
Someone asked why he isn't losing weight when he exercises but eats whatever. That sub is bizarre sometimes lol
I must be invincible
P/P/L - Push, Pull, Lazarus 
They have clearly never done a hungover deadlift day
I don't understand this. My training is always shit when I'm hungover, but for some reason I always kill hungover deadlifts. Bench and squat go to shit, overall work capacity is shot, but deadlifts just feed off suffering.
This is the second comment alluding to powerful deadlifts when hungover... can anyone else confirm for me?
If I get started now I can have an answer for you tomorrow.
Especially good when something enraging happened the night before that you managed to remember
120g does seem low... anyone got any explanation for this? I've been struggling to get my 250g in every day for months and I can barely bench BW...
I had this problem then I started training my triceps differently.. and my bench went up 50lbs within 3 months 
He was using Ted Nugent for his second lift which is anabolic. 
Well call me Jesus cause I have risen from the dead several times
Well we can't both be Jesus dude
You can also die if you train while you're sober. I guess I'll just never train, it's not worth the risk.
I had a dream that I walked in on my girlfriend fucking my brother in a public shower.  It's going to be an awkward Thanksgiving this year.
hey it's me your brother  forget the girl, let's fuck me and u
When I do front squats I move my headphones around so the cord doesn't get fucked with. I get the earbuds in and then have to move the cord from the front to back but something about how I do that makes me feel like a black girl slanging her braids around so I always go into front squats with a sassy af state of mind. Everybody kill your lifts. But know that if you kill them you better eat them too. Don't be wasteful
Guys I was skeptical about water bread at first but let me tell you. I watched straight outta compton last night and in the song fuck tha police ice cube raps the line "getting swole on bread and water". He was ahead of his time in both music and gainz. Now I'm a believer, had 4 slices of water bread this morning.
Holy shit. I've heard this song so many times but I've always missed this.  Truly ahead of his time.    
Went bowling on a first date last week. She beat me in both matches, I left and went home. There won't be a second date.
fitness industry is just the same shit recycled over and over again.  All I see on FB/IG right now is different versions of the fucking "I'm gonna rub this cream on my belly and oh look I'm not fat I was just pushing out my gut who would've thought"...
Add chocolate syrup and eat the marshmallows during rotations
Was sitting in class when this dude started talking to me, we talked for a bit then he said he saw me and my friends at Steak 'n Shake one night. He said we all looked like bodybuilders and now he calls me the body builder in class. Did I make it?
GZCL UHF has a decent high freq bench setup if you're interested in something better laid out
I would not suggest it, without rowing everyday youll have "forward rolling" shoulders and horrible posture.  Also you need to let your chest recover from the workout. 24hours is really not enough, especially if you are hitting it 5-7x a week
What would cause the forward rolling? If you are benching correctly you should be retracting you scapula while maintaining a tight back, (I could be wrong, not looking to argue). I personally wouldn't bench every day but I've ran a few cycles of Smolov Jr. to break through a plateau and that's 4 times a week and it worked out good
Ahhh, okay. I think I understand, so we aren't really talking glenohumeral motion more so clavicular? I'm not as familiar with motion of the clavicular  when retracting or during rotation. I mean if your squeezing the piss out the bar I'd like to  imagine you should defiently be ER on the start but maybe not so much on the press. 
i bench 5x a week and my posture is fine
You really just aren't benefiting from benching 5x a week. If you were to increase your intensity a little bit and bench 2-3x (3 AT MOST) a week, your numbers will go up faster and youll feel better.  Usually for every push exercise you do, you want to do the same number of pull exercises. ( A good rule of thumb)  Just because you are doing something doesn't mean its a good thing to do.
Nahh man lots of top benchers bench 5x a week or more. You just have to keep the intensity in check. 
exactly im using relatively low intensity and volume each day when benching 5x a week and i feel better than i did going heavier 3x a week 
i mean its working fine by meand i feel great. im following one of greg nuckols reccomended templates who in my mind is a very smart man, im also doing back and rear delt work 4x a week so im pretty sure my volume is balanced. theres no best way to program.   i forgot to mention im training for powerlifting atm and trying to increase my neural efficiency. you right tho if i was training for hypertrophy id be training each muscle 2-3 a week going near failure 
I did for a while too. It really helped. /u/gzcl has a few programs that have you bench 5x per week. 
It's all about work load balance with recovery, do that, and let the gains fucking wait in line begging you to bring them in from the cold cold gym.
...for now
Ya'll motherfuckers in the DD are stronk af.  
Lifting at the university gym and there's so many hot girls about. Too bad I won't approach them 
Once a girl actually approached me, the ass was fat as well. Unfortunately, autism struck and the last thing I remember asking was 'so.. uh, are you training legs then' Jesus fuck it's hard to even type knowing how it went down. 
girl complimented my front squat form today. Proceeded to tell her how weak my back is because my deadlift is too low and how my legs are weak af. Why did I do this?
For the first time ever, I saw a guy do the "tilt the weights off one side of the bar" of shame. He was really struggling to come up with 225 for reps, totally looked like he was in good shape and wouldn't have trouble with it but you never know. The bar continued to drag him down and you hear a pained yell all the way across the gym. He did something to his shoulder, but was fine enough to fill out the accident report with one of the trainers.   Be careful guys. 
I want to vent to my friends that I'm fat, weak and lazy but everyone thinks I'm fishing for attention since I'm marginally in better shape than them.  Now I wish I had more bb friends irl to understand my pain.
So I just sent these two girls a selfie snap of me shirtless after not talking to them in a while, and now I've got 2 dates lined up. I'm beginning to turn into a manwhore and I love it. 
Can u send me 1 pls
Spotting my friend on the bench and a bead of sweat trickled down my face and went right into his mouth before he was about to start. We both laughed about it and said it was the saltiest thing he's ever tasted.
that's fucking gross
Avocados are fucking tight. 
I just wanna get so big I can't touch the back of my neck. One day
Okay bros so yesterday at uni I spotted a girl I used to go out with (before she cheated and crushed me) and we met eyes but the autismo I am decided to ignore her. Then I thought I would be the bigger man and say hi cus it had been a few years, but as we passed each other I instead let out a quiet grunt and got no response from her.  I thought I was over her but I keep cringing at the situation as it replays in in my head. Just needed to tell someone about it.  On the plus side got a new routine so I'm feeling better. 
Ah yes... the inevitable quiet grunt when you're a bit nervous and haven't used your voice in a bit. It's an absolute classic.  
Shout out to /u/dddddjohn for inspiring a trip to the pumpkin patch with the lady, got a big ass pumpkin and now I'm at the gym hitting shoulders, gotta get them pumpkin shoulders
The professors at my university are on strike. Losing educational gains but at the same time making muscle gains. 
My friend works at GNC and always sends me snapchats while he's working (really slow job). Over the past two or three weeks this lucky snitch has received a mass gainer, two tubs of protein powder, bcaas, and a few different pre's that he gets to keep because they're customer returns. Think I might need a job at gnc cause this broke college life is awful for supps. 
Why don't you just buy something, use some of it, return it, have him get it and then give it to you? 
Now I feel stupid
Hey, everyone post pictures of your serratus muscle. 
Wait a second this isn't a link to some weird Instagram
You've been waiting for this moment.
Been watching Jeff Nippard videos with particular interest lately. I love how he has scientific backing for any conclusions he comes up with.
pffft sounds boring, much rather "THINK ABOUT THAT SHIT LOGICALLY IT MAKES MOTHERFUCKING SENSE GOD DAMN IT"
Alright brahs, I have a theory called degressive overload.  For example say one week you bench 135x10  then the next week, you'd bump it down to 115x10, then 95x10 and so on and so on until you get to 0x10 then theoretically your max bench will reset to 2,147,483,647 x 10.  IDK if anyone has tested this out, but it makes sense to me.  I'll come back in a few months with my results.
Instructions unclear. Did not specify unsigned integer. Bench now negative 1024.
I like bulk. I like eat. I like strong. 
Cousin drawing faces for art project asked me to turn around as it's slightly based on me 'don't worry, he has a much more chiselled jaw than you do' long story short. You guys gon help me dig this grave or what
Levi 541s are the truth...that is all
Man I wish I was a manlet. Watching all of these perfectly proportional dudes walk around the gym crushes my natty heart..
How tall are you? Other than in a gym setting being a manlet doesnt benefit you at all (besides being able to have sick ass hide-and-go-seek spots).  If a dude is 6'2" and fills out his frame (takes way longer) he looks miles better than a developed manlet. Especially when they stand next to each other.
My hips are too tight. It makes squats, cleans and deadlifts hard to do with good form.   Does anyone know some good stretches?
Day 1 of bulk. Woke up at 7 am to hit up my college gym. Kinda felt like Rocky getting up that early to workout.  
Hot girl at gym. She walks past, I look up she smiles. I look away wondering how autistic I am. Whats next bros? Do I talk to her?
You bop her over the head with a barbell and drag her unconscious body by her feet to your car and take her to your bed
Got done friggin and went to get a towel and the grill said, "you have the nicest ass ever." Does this mean I made it bros?
If you get a shark or some badass fish on a tank or a hoodie I may be very interested in getting one. 
About to get a thin hoodie, what size would you suggest for a 5'6 manlet at 170lbs? I'm thinking medium?
Gotcha, ordering a shut up and squat thin hoodie. Good stuff.
Hit me up if you're ever after reps/something of the sort. Typically guys in my university are wealthy (wish I was) and I see none stop repping of gym shark at the moment, maybe deity could get in there. Love the squat t shirt by the way, might just have to buy one soon.  
Hey man love what you have so far. Is there any chance of incorporating PayPal anytime soon? Since you're on /r/bb I'll trust you but I've been burned before with giving out my card to new websites 
I second the Paypal option. I'm in for the Carpe Diem hoodie if Paypal is made available.
Completely understand. I will be adding PayPal soon, but to assure you, I am using the Shopify platform and their checkout system. So everything is very very secure. They are one of the, if not the biggest ecommerce platforms for small businesses.
Are you based out of the UK? Just curious about shipping times to good ol Canada 
Eh, ain't care. As long as the shirt arrives at some point. I constantly order shit online and forget about it, surprise Christmas. GL with the company man. 
What does your company offer over other brands? 
Clothes. 
I like lift weight 
Garbage bag toga. Get nice and sweaty and glisten for them honeys. 
Human flesh.
Pls pics
I have a problem that i have never known how to solve, it started from elementary school(im 21 now). I don't know how to stand for myself, how to handle myself in coflicts. Back when i was younger when i had most of my problems(around 15) i was skinny, brutally so i got bullied, not physically but mentally.  One of the guys who was part of that group who supported others to bully me appeared at my university. He is now same year as me. I'm taller then before and gained some weight but also lost a lot, so i'm kinda back to square one again, so i'm skinny now.  I'm afraid that he's going to start with that shit again, or he will tell others to start making fun of me, or anything that is bad for me. I avoided him today as much as i could. We are both news at university so we don't know anyone. I'm kinda sure that in one moment he's going to tell others what did happened with me when we were younger so he could start making fun of me just to gain some "reputation and respect".   What should i do? How to handle myself in those situations. Whenever i say someone to fuck off if he's bothering me, they think i'm funny guy and not taking me seriously. Should i fight him? If i do the worst could happen is that i'm going to be expelled from university. Any tips guys please
Fight him bro and then suck his dick
I miss lift. 
Lurking around 2 years and started an reddit account today just wanted to say this Community is awesome Thanks for good laughts all.  I Lift for around 4 years on and off and was on vacation last two weeks, i decided to make a new split for new Motivation someone got a good Plan for a full bodyworkout with all big 3 maybe 3-4 times a week
Deadlifted this morning, so it's been a good day 
Poured a concrete patio today so I was going to skip my lift. The skies have opened up and its lightning and thunder everywhere so the PC is off and I am heading to the gym. Brodin really wanted me to lift today. 
Well my headphones just died at the gym. I'm keeping them on to avoid social interaction. Just have to remember to bob my head every once and a while. Too bad this music the gym plays is more suitable for Sunday brunch... 
So going through some relationship shit right now. Plus side it's given this cut the jump it needed. Downside a song came on my Spotify and I cried a bit while hitting chest another plus side hit a new PR for 10 reps while I was tearing up cause of the song.
Hitting a PR while crying and listening to a song that's emotional for you is damn impressive.
Might be a neg, didn't notice you gained muscle until physical contact
Compliment 
I dunno man, maybe I was a muffin 7 weeks ago, and more of an muffin light now
Move on to spider curls then if you have a two part cable machine finish with wide grip cable curls (the type where your arms are out to your sides parallel to the ground and you're pulling in towards your head).
21's  Barbell row (obviously in the squat rack)  Hammer Curls  Chin-ups  Preacher Curls   Cable Curls (high and low)
Lol like you had to specify in the squat rack, where else would I do them? 
Has anybody tried any of the new flavors of halo top yet? Can't wait to try the oatmeal cookie. 
Just saw a commercial that hugs promote weight gain... Gonna have to find a grill for this bulk 
What happened to mandatory pose Wednesday
Just got back from the Parkway Drive show boys, if I wasn't so tired I'd be pumped enough for another workout. 
How long ago was the breakup?  Regardless, it's best to cut contact man.  Future you will thank present you.
Was together for 3.5 years. Broke up with her this past Monday. I know man I was just feeling super shitty today. I'm not gonna text her again
Delete that hookers number and focus on yourself. You're AWAY at college, that's fucking awesome. Don't look back years later and regret not enjoying every second of it because of some dumb broad. Go gym and put your peepee in things. 
life gains have been sub par recently but beard gains are about to convert into massive mustache gains at least
Slept in this morning, so I have to do my first evening workout in months.  pray 4 me bros
Need a new workout program, anyone have a dope-ass excel file of their workout plan? Going for aesthetics (currently cutting) while still focusing on some strength.   Let me know homiessssss
Some advice with fractures. If you just rest it per the doctors instructions you will be okay. SO just do what the dr says.
Do what the Dr says lol
I don't know how those of you who work out after work do it.  Couldn't get up this morning and had to postpone my work out... dreading it. 
When you start at 7 am you don't really have a choice.  I mean you do, but it's not an option for me
Why do I feel leg presses in my hips more than anything? Is it my tight hip flexors? It's always been this way
Tightness most likely
Just wanted to share what I witness the other day. My gym has a full rack and a half rack. An old guy had wheeled a flat bench to the opening of the full rack, raised the back of it completely up, and proceeded to do dumbbell shoulder presses at the opening of the rack (facing away from the inside of it). Why do people do things like this
seriously... rename wednesday Shitpost Wednesday
Found out I had psoriasis about 4 weeks ago.  Went to a dermatologist and they prescribed me some cream to put on the red patches.  Only problem is, they're absolutely everywhere and I can't use it like a lotion.  I started tanning today using a mostly UVB bed to help so in the very least I'll be en route to jacked n tan.  Anybody else deal with something like this before?
Yeah man, I have had psoriasis for six years now. It flares up bad sometimes and sometimes it goes just to my elbows. There is still red patches but not the white scale looking shit.  For the love of everything holy if you're jacking off/fucking use an ass load of lube/lotion. If you get a cut/rubbed raw on your dick, in my experience, psoriasis will come. It also goes away super quick though.  I stopped using cream after the first year, and now just use lubriderm. After putting it on it is still red and shit, but doesn't look nearly as bad. For reference, I have it on my scalp, in my ears, two spots on my face (small, thankfully), both elbows, a quarter size spot on my back and both knees.
Almost snapped my shoulder up.benchig with the smaller diameter barbell. It has no grooves or grip to it and my grip started getting wider and wider on each rep. Fuck. Never using that pos again
I think I'm working myself into the grave. Worked all day in the office. Worked all night in the field. Still sicker than I've been in years. The good news is this makes cutting easy. Down 25 pounds and still dropping. Too bad competition season is over.
My buddy just bought a sarm (not sure which one) and he is super excited and thinks it will yield the same gains any steroid will. Gonna be fun to watch his disappointment when he makes minimal gains and realizes it's not as good as the juice 
LGD is pretty similar to a low dose of test. However, he would be alot better of just doing a 500mg/wk cycle, even a anavar only oral cycle would be better.
Day 6 on 250 dnp I've read of people eating a lot of carbs and having good results from it while using dnp. Testing that today so I had about 120-150 grams for my first of my 2 meals today so far still not feeling the heat people are talking about. I feel pretty normal so far maybe I'll up to 375 for the second week of it.
How's your weight loss so far. I hear 250 is easy it's 375 to 500 when you are out of breath sweating 
Who dares wins
Ive only been taking 1 scoop of pwo for 5 months since i needed to lay off a bit. Today i took 2. Man having the best leg day in monthssss. Yeaa boii. 
There are a few different ways. DEXA scans are accurate but can be expensive. Calipers are relatively cheap but somewhat unreliable, and your gym probably does them. Then there's always r/guessmybf 
I love this shit.
There was a Genova 5 mins video posted here which was removed by mods. Can someone give me the link?
No source talk...
Did the ZuesLaser post got removed?
I love training legs.  Somebody fucking help me...
has anyone successfully added size to their neck? if so pls pls lmk how
Suckin hella dick
What are your favorite sweatpants? I like the form fitting types but don't know where to find them. I hate the stupid loose fit sweatpants
Nike tech fleece so comfy and super high quality. Expensive tho 
one's from uniqlo are dope. have three pairs that i love rocking. fit well and comfy af.
Post your favorite fictional characters physique. 
Your gf
Disgusting protein shaker smell tip - after washing stick it in the freezer.   If anything smells stick it in the freezer and it'll be odorless 12 hrs later.
Maybe I should put my balls in the freezer
12 hrs later, neutral scent.
What rotator cuff muscle is used during chest movements of the horizontal plane (like bench press, incline bp, or cable crossovers)?   I haven't done a chest movement in over 4 months now, and although I have continued working out and doing lots of rotator cuff stretches and shoulder mobility exercises, I realize that the part of the rotatorcuff that is used for horizontal movements has probably gotten extremely weak. I tried to do the movement of a benchpress and not only did my shoulders feel wonky but also unstable if that makes sense. I feel like relearning all the form for chest movements is going to suck...   Anyways anyone got any ideas on additional rotator cuff movements I can do to help build up the muscle responsible for bench pressing? 
on a cut and job hunt stress tanking my sex drive too bruh.  still wank every 2nd day and smash twice a week but normally i could literally fuck my girl thrice a day.  feels weird turning down sex 3, 4 times a week. dont like it.
Well, don't do that.
Just had my first TRT shot (200mg test cyp) and holy shit my glute feels sore as fuck. Is this just the feeling of pinning into virgin muscle?
First time eating steel cut oats. This is a game changer.
Make sure you track them right. The macros are significantly different from typical oats. (Denser)
I met Jake "The Snake" Roberts the other day at a bar in the middle of nowhere. He's sober now and is touring the country telling stories from WWF back in the day. Twas hilarious.
His documentary is on Netflix its pretty good.
My favorite is behind the back smith shrugs, personally. It stabilizes everything for you so you can focus on angling yourself correctly to get the best squeeze.
I feel like you'll probably get a better Contraction with rear delt flies or face pulls. The ROM on those shrugs seems pretty minimal.
De verdad? I didn't know face pulls worked traps, I usually don't feel the same burn as I did when I included barbell shrugs in my routine.
It's definitely a different feeling than shrugs just think about squeezing your shoulder blades as much as possible
Shit workouts all week. Everything feels so heavy. So I de-loaded all my compounds. I also dropped 135 on my face today. That's not even anywhere close my max. I just lost tightness at the bottom of the rep and the bar fell backwards.   What do you guys do when its like this? Stalling, can't lift the same weights you were crushing just a week before? I think I'm going to eat a shit load and rest up. 
Deadlift is hard.  Anyone got any good exercises that can help out the very start of the lift, if I get the bar of the ground I always manage the lift, but the first inch is for me so much harder then the rest
Squats, also you might have poor technique
Probably a dumb question but could eggs be the reason for my back acne ? Maybe and allergy or something like that. I've been eating 5 whole eggs for about an year now and I don't see any side effects, but at this point the back acne just stays there and it's not changing.
Maybe the fat / cholesterol? How old are you?
19
brosif, get some salicylic acid face wash and use it in the shower every other day.
It's a dumb question because we're not going to know the answer, and what you should really do is cut out eggs for 1-2 weeks and see if it helps.
Hey I don't know man maybe, someone had a similar experience
Man I don't know about the acne but it shouldn't take you a year to eat 5 eggs.
Seriously, I can usually hammer one down within a month. 
Almost 3 weeks into 60mg ralox ED and my gyno is already getting "softer". The lump isnt very hard anymore.   This is awesome, I was a little worried that I fucked my manboobs up more then they were naturally
Did you have gyno naturally? or did you get it from roids? How long have you had it  Curious- had gyno for 5 years here and I'm pretty sure I cant do anything besides surgery 
I have fairly bad pubertal gyno, picked up a bit on my last blast as well.   Im going to run this for about 4 or 5 months to hopefully do something about the natural gyno
not walden farms
Been reading up on MK-2866 (Ostarine) today, and I'm having a hard time finding a reason not to try it out. It seems like a weaker test cycle without sides. Anyone here with experience? (and, will I lose natty card? its not a hormone so idk lol)
Using it currently and eeehhhhhh.... Not much to be said for it.  I wouldn't buy it again to say the least. Nothing outside the realm of natty has been gained using it in the past 1.5 months. 
The fact that you think it is not a hormone tells us that you need to keep reading up 
IMO I'd rather run actual test than any SARM, done correctly test is pretty damn safe and we have studied it a lot more than SARMs
My back felt pretty good today so i did some pause squats, i don't normally do them but i'' definitely add them into my routine more often they felt amazing.
Pause front squats.
So how do you find your actual baseline weight to track as far as cutting and bulking? I weigh myself first thing in the morning but that seems to fluctuate day to day by a few pounds. Just feeling worried I'm going to fast but I'm not sure I'm right or not. 182 lbs at 6'1 and I'm shooting for 3000-3200 a day for reference 
Take the average of at least a week of weigh-ins.
Any Melbourne fellas here? I'm going to be visiting next week, what's a decent gym that I can just pay for casual pass to train for a few days? Preferably close to the CBD. 
Doherty's gym in the city definitely. It's located on flinders street and is probably one of the better gyms in melbourne. Otherwise muscle factory in ringwood is a bit further from the cbd but amazing and so is any of the derimutt locations
Second this. You know a gym is good when guys in sydney wear their shirts to up here
cheers mang, just looked at their website, i'm sold
Posting again bc this is really fucking with my head. So I know that you count chicken uncooked instead of cooked thanks to you guys. What I am wondering is, is it possible I fucked something up in my calculations?   Had 54oz uncooked chicken, turned into 22oz cooked chicken (you read that right, super dry and overcooked.)   I thought no biggie, I'll divide into fourths and 1/4th of 22oz cooked will be equivalent to 1/4th of 54 uncooked.   According to my calculations (my chickens uncooked macros for 4 oz were 130cal 3g fat 0carb 28p), 5 ozcooked was equivalent to 13oz uncooked, 11oz cooked equiv to 27oz uncooked and 22oz is equiv to 54oz uncooked.   Today I had 5 oz, and according to that (including some fat from olive oil too) it was 430cal 14gfat 0c and 71g protein. Yet it was like 4 pieces smallish-medium, felt like nothing, didn't fill me up. Was still starving afterwards too...  Tommorow I am eating the last 10oz (which is like visually not too much maybe a small bowl of rice worths) yet those macros are 860cal 27g fat 140g protein...  Did I stumble on a secret way to eat a shit ton of protein at the cost of tasting bad while being hungry afterwards? Or did I fuck up 
just count things consistently (same way every time)  /thread
This is weird to me. I think you may be buying some seriously poor quality chicken if you are losing over half the weight when cooking. Like that shit must be packed full of water and sodium. When I cook 16 oz chicken in the pan it still weighs around 12-15 oz. I don't weigh before/after cooking anymore because it's always been relatively close. I assume this is frozen chicken? Are you letting it thaw before cooking? 
Holy shit you count it uncooked?  
doesnt everyone?
No. Meats you weigh cooked. Oats are weighed dry. Rice is weighed cooked. Pretty sure its always been like this. 
Meats you weigh uncooked. As another poster said - how are the packagers supposed to know how to cook it. You're cooking the water out of it.  Same with the rice comment as well only in the opposite direction. Rice is absorbing water.
Depends.. You can count it cooked but you'll have to google the macros and pray to brodin that they're right, as OP said, the weight/calories depends on how much you've cooked it, how dry it is.   So when you see foodlabels they always mean calories when it's uncooked, they cannot know how you cook it. What I do for convenience is weigh it when it's cooked but I look up kinda what the macros should be cooked.   But I mean, it doesn't really matter as long as the way you're counting your calories gets you where you want to be. So, adjust according to results, not necessarily what the calories says. 
this is good for me i guess ive been eating way more protein than what i though i was
Impressive but whoever filmed that needs to be slapped in the balls. 
is steve cook natty?  everyone wrote scott herman and guzman on the best natty physique thread but no cook mentions.  shouldnt he be bradley big considering how much he works out if he's on gear.
i mean i assume steve knows about caloric surpluses.  i just assumed he was smaller because he was natty.  that physique doesn't really seem worth jumping on vitamin s for. i feel like if you're life is 24/7 fitness you could look like that in 5ish years if you're disciplined
just compared to Brad.  they've both been lifting the same amount of time
Another 5 years ago brad will catch up to dom 
come back in 5 years and tell us if you still think that's true.
just saying. if you can be goomah/Herman size without gear and you're only Steve size on gear what's the point of straying from natty status.   atleast brads a fucking monster. 
Steve Cook is significantly bigger than Guzman/Herman.  He is extremely aesthetic.
meh.    top of the class if he's natty.   pretty far behind most of the big names on gear. 
Different drugs different diet different workouts etc. Same thing with Jeff Seid.
Gent, i want to start taking animal stak and then animal.m stak after the 3 week stak period. will be taking creatine and whey protein. I am 73 kg 180cm tall and have general strength but am tired of not gaining enough mass and then losing interest. have a little bit of a belly and on anti depressants....thoughts on the animal range to help?
Aside from creatine, whey, fish oil and BCAAs (when training fasted), legal supplements don't work too well. 
They're good for wallet cuts (and supplement company wallet gains, tho...).
It's crazy to me he doesn't use a belt for this shit 
Damn. I bet he did 3 months of test. 
You memed too close to the sun.
 It really doesn't take a lot. Less is more my man. Eat more and train harder.
With that kind of conditioning I bet he kickstarted with 3 weeks of dbol at 50mg
Shanked
Just a quick 16 weeks 
here we go
Bro, the meta is strong with this one
link to origin of this 3 months of test thing?
The guy that posted it is well known here for being extremely aesthetic. He'd by cool if he just admitted to using in the right time frame instead of BSing everyone. 
There's no motive to lying about it so why would i? It doesn't matter in the scheme of things but to be fair I've only been truthful on this sub. 
Thx for keeping me in the loop brotha
Dank.
Rekt
He's the only one I know to be able to be this shredded and have soft legs at the same time..
and soft abs
Soft abs? You mean bad abs genetics? His midsection is shredded 
So you agree
both. he has shitty ab shape and no deep cuts in them so they look soft. 
So you agree
I agree that he has shitty ab genetics yes. And they still look soft even though he's shredded
I think the point is that they aren't actually soft. His shitty genetics in that department is what makes them look soft, unfortunately.
exactly my point. I'm not sure where the confusion was
Thanks for explaining properly, it's not about them being 'soft' it's about all this being related to bad ab genetics and how the linea alba developed at birth.
I also don't quite understand his pecs. They are so full and round, yet vascular with 0 stirations. Maybe someone just went crazy with dat dere PS.
same with legs, but i get zero love handles, but that extra fat directly in the middle of the stomach (tho strangly can still see ab outline).  and no back fat, even lower back... so annoying.
i have a fat pack that exactly covers my abs and refuses to go away. even back when i was a distance runner that loooked like id just left a  concentration camp it persisted. wtf fat
I have perma-abs but my fat storage is mainy in my lower back so my waist gets incredibly fucking thick when my bulk gets out of control... which is always.
you are the abs and muffin top man. a strange bit of lucky misfortune.
Pics? 
Just get bigger abs bro.
weighted decline ab crunches. make dem abs meaty.
Why is he this conditioned right now?
I think the pic is old. He's said he's in the off-season and has bought all of his bulking food already
....all of it? Is there any chicken left for the rest of us?
Not the Kuwaiti kind
Maybe he's just doing it to learn his body better at this size for next year
Man he would look so great if his abs weren't so shit. Maybe he needs bigger obliques to build the side wall look to his midsection more?
nobody needs bigger obliques, that shit is a myth. in the end it will make your waist look wider, people who train that as men are complete noobs...
That's idiotic if you aren't trolling.
Some guy here mentioned that he didn't really train them to keep his midsection small. 
I get that, but I think it hurts him more than helps at this point, especially in the classic division. He wants to look similar to Zane, who had solid obliques.
dat dere 3 months test cycle doing work
8 weeks lgd 
that guy was a fucking legend lmao
What guy
Is there a commentary thread on the this sub that goes with it
I think most people don't reference that post but the post from a few months ago (or weeks, Reddit time is odd). Dude said he's only did 4 week of LGD while it's obvious he's been riding the bicycle for a while lol
How can you tell? He might just be lying. He posted no pics
I'm talking about another LGD post that was on this sub that's more popular than the one that was linked. I don't think anyone ever talks about the guy from /r/PEDs 
sadickskin
''Hahaha. I also love how people that never experienced really hard word automatically say juicing.''    i hate normies
Llanfairpwllgwyngyll is a village in Wales, not sure what is has to do with juicing though.
This is good, nice
This is why I feel it is impossible to post half-naked pictures of one's self without it being self-glorifying. However I follow many bodybuilders, and I don't immediately think less of them. You get what i'm saying? 
Do you know which sub you're in?
I think you've got to remember that his career and support from sponsors is mainly centred around social media exposure.   Yes, it's repetitive, but he probably gets a certain number of new followers every time he posts something like that. Some new kid who just got a gym membership searched abs in instagram and found that. Stuff like that.
Looks like he's on the brink of death here.
Looks like he just finished 2 hours of fasted cardio white watching the food Network on 750mg DNP and a 1000kcal deficit 
Who in their right mind would watch food network under those conditions?   
Masochists
Sorry but what is he training for?
2nd place at Olympia
Ruby Classic
Excuse my memes but isn't that the really shitty competition that genova always competes in with fat fukin lenny?
Don't take him likely bro, not in the am bro.  Favret actorest natalie portman  Tony mantona   
Ceo baller status ric falerneing millonare 
It piss
Wish I was covered in dickskin. 
Absolutely perfect 
Do you guys think this is a recent pic? Or maybe its just one of the hundreds he took during prep... He did that last year during his bulk phase (he kept posting shredded pics almost all year with some kind of inspirational quote), so it wouldn't surprise me.
Looks like he's doing at least a Kaio-Ken x2.
that chestbutt asshole tho
Doesn't belong in classic physique, flat chest and long torso 
Looks like he's on a rather uncomfortable dose of tren here
He looks like he's about to keel over from dehydration.
Bodyboner
You can tell the picture is photoshopped by his soft reflection on the left. 
genetically he has terrible abs... not even 6, only top 4 (and peeled).  very interesting.
Sadik loves his EQ.
Whist some people like to rip on sadiks physique. I would be fucking happy AF if I could look like him... So many haters these days.
if you seriously want to look like this you might have psychological problems. I get why people do, if they are pro bodybuilders, but even so it looks fucking terrible IMO.  muscles are awesome, having veins everywhere is fucking weird looking I don't fucking care if this sub will downvote me to hell for that
You just get where the criticism is coming from you idiot
Not haters, hes competing against the best in the world in his class. He don't just want to "look good" hes trying to be the best, to not critique the best and find weak/strong points would be dumb.   It's not like I would comment "bad abs genetics" on a random person on Instagram. 
I ment keyboard warriors on reddit who probably don't have half a good physique as him...
You don't have to be Cristiano Ronaldo to criticize a football match either bro
Wait he isn't this lean right now is he? From his Insta he def looks like full off-season mode...? Confused
Greatest caption i've seen. If that was a reddit comment i'd give him gold
It's just too bad it bas been used before several times and isn't original. 
needs to control his gut better
I'm guessing he is guest posing? Off season guts doesn't matter to me tbh.
He's lean enough to have somewhat shredded/defined abs, definitely not an off-season belly
That was awkward 
Like how he paid homage to Bin Laden towards the end
Looks bad
his midsection is revolting
Borderline between posing and striptease.
Thank you for posting this. After reading through its obvious this information is old but it does give a great breakdown of various substances. Steroids is a huge part in bodybuilding and it makes no sense trying to keep it in the dark. Every day there's pics of Sadik, Chris Bumstead, Ramy, Phil, ect who are juiced to the gills yet anytime there's a question about steroids all you get is a "r/steroids" reply. The fact that r/bb and r/steroids is two separate subreddits is beyond me. It's like having a subreddit solely dedicated to pictures of food yet never releasing the recipe.
Have you been to /r/food? It's the same way 
IMO I like it seperate, I think more people who are less prepared would try them and a lot of people on here aren't ready
To play devil's advocate, there's a pretty significant difference between preparing food, and modifying your physiology. Even following a recipe it's difficult to get the same outcome as what's shown in the picture, now extend that kind of difficulty to pharmaceuticals--
i feel like this is the reply that bat hitler would give
That's a good analogy haha
I dunno, they're obviously not mutually exclusive but you can have bodybuilding independant of steroids and steroid use for other things than bodybuilding.  I think of it more as if you had a general cooking reddit and then a subreddit just for using a pressure cooker. It's nice to know what a recipe is intended for because not everyone has one or wants one.  It'll get you what you want way faster than the other way, but you also run the risk of totally fucking up your kitchen if you don't know what you're doing. 
I wouldn't call bodybuilding without drugs bodybuilding. It's more training to reach your genetic potential. 
So...building your body to reach its genetic potential?
This is actually the underground Steroid Handbook II. I have a copy. As others have mentioned, it was written by Dan Duchaine. Dan was a  steroid dealer and writer and learned everything he knew from reading medical journals and testing shit on himself. A lot of the stuff in this book would be considered way outdated but it is still an interesting read anyway. 
He was a pioneer in steroid use and other crap like DNA
FYI there was an Underground Steroid Handbook I but I have never seen a copy - I think it was released in the early or mid 80's
If you look in the parent directory there are a lot of old steroid books in the same folder - including the original USH.
Thanks for contributing this. I haven't read it but it's in my queue now. 
But what do I do if the only gear I can afford is FrogTech?
Get that dank Frog Juice and get hyuge
Try rabies. They don't test for rabies in natty competitions so you can blast all the way up to the day if the competition.
I LAY PEOPLE OUTTTTTTTTT
Dont waste ur money. Get Duck Eggs
i mean duck eggs are a worthwhile investment. they are delicious.
Reddit has a subreddit with this information. Shoot me a pm and I'll direct you that way.
Hope you realize a lot of subs are teens here. Wouldn't recommend just giving out that source like that
Like they're hard to find.  Anyone can find steroid sources within like 5-10 minutes of Googling...
literally all they have to do is type in steroid source reddit on google
they do NOT share sources by any means. you'll get ripped apart for asking for a source. 
I'm not talking about r/steroids or r/peds or any other source talk. And you should never be getting gear from some website unless you live in a country where it's legal.
ban hammer coming
its still considered sourcetalk my man
I guess but I have never even browsed there and know about it so I figured they're not trying to keep it hidden. I wouldn't think it's me giving out sources
That's not why it would get banned. Putting out sources of purchasing gear is dangerous to those who have no idea what they're doing/haven't researched enough. There are other reasons as well, but I'm not sure which ones the mods take more seriously.
What about dark web? 
You know I would normally agree with you but old school vets that have been in the game for the last 3 decades like John meadows still use nolvadex daily lol.  Am I right to tell guys like John he isn't doing it right ?
i dont know about you but im not a fan of john meadows although his experience speaks volume his "stage body" and "look" is just not that great to me. 
Dexter Jackson
I mainly posted this for the list of different substances. If there was a 2016 guide out there I would love to post that instead. I mean the guy states masteron is a waste of money. Are you kidding me? Mast is the greatest addition I've ever come across with regards to sides and I'll never run a cycle without it. So just take bits and pieces of this information and always keep researching.
i was wondering about that too not to add literally 0 mentioning of prolactin. i wonder is anyone ever lactated back then
I'm picturing buckets in the pump up room for dudes just squeezing out all their milk before they step on stage haha. Gross. And cabers gettin pricey we might all be boned here soon.
say goodbye to all 19-nors
Because caber is pricey, or is it getting harder to get Nandrolone and tren?  Masteron at a similar dose to Tren has always kept Prolactin sides from happening to me.
Back then tren wasnt as popular as it is today. He even stated it is one of the most toxic and unbearable steroid available. 
When researching steroids keep in mind that some college drop-out turned personal trainer who's been around steroids all his life is NOT a legitimate source. Look for people who actually have the scientific background such as Layne Norton (as cocky as he is..).
Layne Norton claims natty... I see what u did thar.
Sorry but Dan Duchaine knew more about chemical enhancement than Lame Norton ever will
He has a BA in education. He's absolutely not a legitimate source for any of the science behind steroids. Being around something for a long time does no make you an authority on the subject (in the scientific sense).
Lame norton is a joke.  
Are you talking about Professor Lame Nordstrom, PhD?
Let's discard the euphemisms for a second. Are you implying that testosterone is not a steroid? Because if you are, you're wrong. 
Nah son I'm saying it's a way better nickname
If you're only using test maybe
Considering that all AAS are derivatives of test in some way, it still applies.
Oh well shit, yeah it definitely is 
What if you're using Nandrolone or any of the other many compounds that don't begin with the letter T? lol
Considering that all AAS are derivatives of test in some way, it still applies.
Then you can say you're taking Multivitamins.
I'm left confused by test-prop vs test-e.   Is test-prop more potent than test-e, so you can get the same results by using lower dosages of the prop than the e? 
1. Go to r/steroids 2. Read wiki section on esters 3. ??? 4. Profit
One is slow release and one is quick release 
Test is test. There are different esters that have different half lives, prop cyp enth and theres also suspension. To keep it very basic, prop has a shorter half life, kicks in quicker, requires more frequent injections, leaves the body quicker. Enth is fewer injections, longer half life, takes a while to kick in, stays in the system longer. This is not the best analogy but think of prop as taking a shot of vodka and enth is drinking 2 beers. Both will get you slightly buzzed but the shot burns more and kicks in quicker where as the 2 beers go down easily but take a while to work. There are a ton of websites that go into great detail. There's pros and cons of each ester.
Right, I kinda knew that but why does he say it's healthier and more conservative to use prop? He went onto talk about using 25-50 ml/mg instead of 200-400 weekly as you would on test e. 
You can control the side effects better when using prop and keep your estrogen in better check. 
I can see where you're comming from but why do you feel the need to prove your self to the people around you? Btw I'm sorry if I'm being too personal. But most people have no idea how much hard work it is. I see people leave the gym after just 2 weeks. I can't take their judgement serious. They have uneducated opinions. For me its more that I won't know where it will end. When I started lifting 5 years ago I wanted to be as big as I am now. But now that I'm there, I feel I'm not nearly big enough and wonder if I ever will be naturally.. Oh well... 
It's outdated and will just confuse you when you read conflicting recommendations, especially here on reddit. The collective of /r/steroids is very knowledgeable.  I recommend that everyone who is interested, starts reading the shit out of /r/steroids. The most important benefit one gets that way is the realization that using steroids isn't a science. People react differently and one needs to be aware of the possibilities
tldr , just wanna get yuge tell me what to take . 
You will experience shut down so you'll want to run a test base.
why is he recommending such a cycle then?
Either he forgot to include that you need a test base or he thought by now after reading this far you should know a test base is mandatory. 
R/steroids
But that's what I did and I'm fuarkin jacked brah.
HAHA FOUND CONNOR MURPHY GUYS
Even if it doesn't work quite right, it's still delicious
/r/steroids with this shit
Anyone smaller than me
Sooooo.... no one?
Sorry, but you kinda left yourself wide open there
I did. Probably woulda done the same myself lol
I'll leave the next one for you then lol
Thanks bro
Now kith
Scott Herman
Guy goes to my gym, Natty as fuck and an awesome guy. May even get to train at his studio some time soon.
Dom Mazzeti
Athlean X
Omar Isuf
I want to stress to people who are actually curious that this is one of the only top answers that isn't a joke.
Best advice. It is not about others natural limit but your own one. And that differs alot due to genetics
Your in better shape then me and I take drugs.  Well done man. 
Natty O'tren.  Check out "Frog Fitness" to see how he does it.
Natty O'Tren is the funniest name ever.
Actually read it both times as Mike O'Tren. So yeah this meme is full blown
it barely even resembles his original name and we still instantly know who it is ha
Its still got the O' there. Its got nothing on Tumblr and their Figglethorp Dumbledad.
Janoy cresva
u called bro?
Damn, I wish I didn't watch this. I had no idea Genova was handicapped. It's obvious he has autism. All the jokes seem pretty fucked now. 
I heard he was on supplements
not in the am bro please
He's like 230 and he's on heavy supplements. Don't fuck with him bro
Ain't no little bo peep
PissO-Explode
Damn how is it a different picture every time? It pissss
Rich Pianabol
God damn it. That's a good one. 
Pianabol hahaha thats the best name ever 
I hear Simeon panda is poly graph tested and drug free, so he's gotta be natty, right guys??  /s
Christian Guzman, Marc Fitt, Scott Herman
Joffrey /s
Imagine if he was on tren
He'd be a GOD OMFG
Dead meme
RIP Joffy The Tren God meme   2016-2016  "Gone but not forgotten"
"Gone but not forgottren"
What?
Good luck... You will realize it doesn't matter soon enough.
Brian Whitacre. Dude is extremely well defined and proportioned. It's pretty incredible actually
Nobody can tell for sure. Nobody will ever no. There's no point in speculation. 
That's the only answer. I hate it that people are so delusional. 
schooled.
Christian Guzman and Jeff Nippard
But is CG really an example of a "top" natural as in someone almost at their natural limit? I think he's just a popular example, but idk about the top example. He looks great but in a shirt he looks DYEL at times. Plus he's only what 23, 24?
He's very big and very lean for a natty, plus he's really well known. I don't know many famous natty bodybuilders
Nipard is definitely on gear.
I find really funny that so many people here think Nippard is natty while he weighs about the same as Ogus, is shorter than him, about the same level of bodyfat and he is even stronger than him (while we know how good Ogus's technique and programming is). The guy benches close to 400 lbs while he weighs sub 170 lbs.  I'm not saying that he is definitely a user but he could very well be on steroids. If you consider that lifting is literally his career (he is a coach) then you see that his motives are really high.  People think that when someone is below 5'4 he is able to get steroid like gains while natty lmao.
Guzman def yeah.. Nippard keeps me doubting tho.. might just be the IG photo's with some half natty lighting
Is that reasonably natty? 
I mean... he's probably one of the most gifted people that you will see, genetically speaking.  So its reasonable if you also have awesome insertion points, muscle bellies, peaks, etc. 
In that first pic? Seems like it should be doable considering that's with a pump and also that he doesn't look that lean in the photo. Isn't it?
Oh, no sorry. I just always tend to think of these guys in peak conditioning. I'd guess it's more like, I dunno 10-11?
Everyone knows side lighting is anabolic af 
That ones got crazy filters and lighting though
Nippard is like 4'10 so I'd believe it
Lol, he just keeps shrinking.
When will he learn
Mike O' Tren
mike O'Natty O'hearn
I've gotten so used to that nickname that when I read it I didn't register the sarcasm and almost downvoted
It happens and you cant avoid it.  Keeping ur kcals are high as possible can (probably?) help postpone it.
Sick physique. How long you been training for?
5 years
Longtime fan here, do you follow any form of structured progression or just use more weight when you feel like doing it?
Jen Selter brah
Ronnie Coleman, but I heard he tried whey once so take it with a grain of salt.  Also Arnold he won mr. O like 9 time. All natty
Why would I take my whey with salt
it activates the whey similar to activated almonds.
Ronnie used cream tho so he wasn't natty
Guzman
Brian whitacre, Cleveland thomas, jeff alberts, kevin riley, Vernon williams, Alberto nunez, Marshall johnson, Phillip Ricardo Jr. Top natural bodybuilder out there atm is doug miller. However alot of people on here will argue he isn't natty, he's been competing for a long time naturally so you can make up your own mind. Its hard to be sure whether these guys are natty or not, no doubt they have elite level genetics and how can one really determine what is achievable naturally? Just from a statistical standpoint the probability of all natural pro bodybuilders being on steroids is nearly impossible, so just by researchinging organisations such as ifpa and wnba are good places to look at
Frank McGrath, his vein genetics are probably the best in the world
Mike hasn't done bb in a while tho
Omar has a lot of useful info and is a great coach, but guy is far from a top natty physique.
phil heath and ronnie. ronnie took cell tech and phil says they get tested. probs just need to buy phils clothes and supps he takes to look like him. go and buy now
Rich Piana is clearly natty. /s
Rich Pirahna
my favorite carnivore 
Lifetime meat eater
Our boy Joffrey, imagine if he hopped on tren though
He lived before there was bench press, and he had no chest.   You can do better.
Filip Dropulic
Reg Park
skinny cunt Iron Curtis .... allegedly, dont give a fuck dude is hilarious 
There's no such thing as a "top" natural bodybuilder. 
Nick Bare is my favorite. Also probably my favorite YouTube channel.      This guy is at the beginning of some amazing things to come. He owns Bare Performance Nutrition and is opening a gym in Texas. Check him out if you haven't heard of him. He's got a pretty cool story. Was basically anorexic and now is freaking huge. Quest Nutrition sponsored an interview with him by John Glaude (Obese to beast). 
Mike Matthews.  
Did nobody mention our over Lord victor costa
Guzman is pretty admirable
Marc fitt
80 comments and no one has said Matt Ogus yet
I know, I had to scroll down for Natt Bogus. What a shame.
To name some people that haven't been mentioned, Brandon Carter, Jeff Cavaliere, and Greg O'Gallagher.
Nippard
No one really fucking knows.
idk if he's natty, but Matt ogus, he has such a good physique, everything fits together well
Chris Jones (although some may argue that he is not competing or w/e)
BBC doesn't count
Looks natty but just has that bbc cycle lol
Aaron Curtis 
Doug Miller 
doug miller
can we get a sticky post of this
Hope roelly makes top 3. Tho unlikely. Rooting for Ramy
Bonac is a possibility. But Jackson or Rhoden are the most probable winners.
What about Ramy?
He is a possiblity indeed. But, he needs to learn how to be really conditioned. Don't get me wrong, I love the dude, he is fantastic, but, he doesn't really know yet to nail his conditioning .   And I think that he needs to be more symetrical. Fo example, his quads are too massive...  
Yeah, I don't disagree in some points, but considering he beat Jackson in the Olympia, and had beaten Rhoden in other shows this year, I'm implying he has just as good of a shot as those two for this event. 
Any stream available?
Must be mistake, Alexey Shabunia and Alexey Shibuya. 
Dexter or Ramy
I get what the Olympia show is trying to do...make more money, compete with Arnold Classic...but just takes away from the actual Vegas Olympia to me   Does anyone know will they be giving out sandows for this show too?
Ramy, Dex, Bonac depending on who hits their peak best
Why no Rhoden
Idk, he seems to be falling behind this tour after the O, and I personally don't like his physique.
I thought he's been weird looking this year. Loved him at the past few Mr. O's but he looked a bit blocky from putting on that much mass
His lower abs are too loose and dude has literally no triceps
The extra mass really shows the unsightly triceps 
Damn the lineup is stacked. Must be incredibly hard for these guys to stay stage ready for more than a month.
betting on shawn
Will it be streamed? if yes can you please share the link and time?
Dex Ramy Shawn Bonac Roelly   Dex/Ramy interchangeable
How has this made you look? I'd love to be strong but it doesn't really become a priority on a bodybuilding sub. 
How much assistance work do you do (exercises and sets) per muscle groups for the 5 or 6 day splits?
1-2 muscle groups, 1-3 accessories per group, 5-8 sets of 6-15 reps per accessory 
Perfect, thanks bud
How do you deal with getting that big back? So much pushing and not as much pulling. That is my only real fault with 531.   You have several days of assistance work for back, but after doing to big lifts that'll he hard to keep the energy up I would think.   Any advice on getting a strong ass back while running this program? I know deads are a great builder but I've always felt that a dedicated row/pull up session is necessary.
I like to do Chin ups and pullups every day, supersetted between all of my pressing sets, and then really hammer the rows and weighted chins, lat pudowns, etc... on the back days.
Thanks for the input
I have a question about the 6 day split, it says to train back on monday and tuesday. Did you forget to leave the monday out or are you suppose to train back 2 days in a row?
Both.  On the first day I'd just do chin-ups or pull-ups  On the second day I'd do heavy rows
Alright I understand. One more question, I pull sumo so would it be alright to just switch the two deadlift variants or should I do deficit deadlifts as the accessory?
I'd do deficit sumo and regular sumo 
Mind if I ask what your bench was before you started the sheiko program? Got a goal of 3 plates and am around 270 right now. 
Damn thats some great progress? Mind if I ask your weight? I'm weighing around 165 but could definitely start gaining weight. 
I'm tempted to try this program, seems solid. Do you do accessories every workout after the main sets? if so, what do you do for each day? I'm going for the 6 day split if that matters.  Cheers 
Yes I did.  The accessory work needs to be tailored to your weakpoints. Just pick 1-2 muscle groups and hit them as hard as you can for as long as you'd like.  I usually get through my main sets in 45-60 minutes, and then do accessory work for about 15-30 minutes for a total of 60-90 minutes per day
This kind of program is exactly what I was looking for, cheers bud - very excited to try it out. 
Just wondering if you had a template for the program you're running currently? My numbers are pretty much exactly the same as yours but struggling to find the right program currently. I love a lot of added hypertrophy work and as you posted in r/bodybuilding wondered if you had a similar style of training as me.
I do but the spreadsheet needs a bit more time before it's ready to be shared.  A couple more weeks and it will be good to go.
I'm glad someone asked because if they didn't I was going to. I'm looking forward to seeing it. 
Do you increase OHP by 5 pounds a week on the 4 day or just keep it constant?
Yea, you can also do some amrap OHP after benching but the odds of setting a new PR are a lot lower
Are the 9 sets including the warm up within them? Or do you have to warm up before starting the first set?  Also, could you give an example of some of the accessories you use and the rep and progression scheme for them? 
No you have to warm up to them  I usually pick 1-3 accessories per targeted muscle group and just hammer them with lots of sets  For example, when I do back, I might only do barbell rows and chin-ups, but it could be 8-10 sets of each, for 6-15 reps per set  I'll stay consistent with which accessories I'm doing for 3-4 weeks then change it up.
So that totals what, 30-40 sets in a single session? How long are you in the gym for to do that?
I'm tempted to try the program out... I'm quite uncomfortable with sumo deadlift though, is there anything that I can swap it with, or should it be done as is?
Yup like what /u/thoughtshes18 said  If you don't like sumo, I'd start by swapping it with deficit deadlifts.
you could swap it as you pleases. I do 2x sumo deadlifts because I feel uncomfortable doing the conventional. 
Any past injuries by chance? Been working on my flexibility a bunch after a back injury and I may try getting back into some sumo deadlifts. Just wanted to see if you had that experience in which you needed to work back into lifting.
No, fortunately.  I've been able to stay pretty healthy
Got around a 1200 total myself, do you think i'd progress decently on your 5day 5/3/1?   I've wanted to try it for a while, but currently working on my very lacking bench press.
You might, it started to be a bit to heavy to often for me at that point, but if you have been doing more typical bodybuilding splits up until now it might be a fun program for a few weeks/months
Any other progams you would recomend over it?   I've been doing plenty of program, done 5/3/1 BBB, icf, ppl, my own modified program etc.
Thanks, will do.
For a beginner, how would your 531 LP program be compared to SL
It's much higher volume and variable intensity so it's simultaneously more fun, and harder.  It would be fine to run as a beginner, as long as you know how to perform the lifts with decent form.  Just make sure you don't let things get too ugly on the AMRAP sets, and dial back the extra sets if the volume is too high.
If you are still making progress on SL it wouldn't hurt you to continue, but if you want to change, absolutely do.  Don't put too much thought into the whole "beginner" "intermediate" "advanced" labeling, it's not that useful anyway.  You'll make great progress on the LP if you put in the work
Thanks. How long would you usually rest between each set?
3-5 minutes mostly. If you find you need more or less time that's cool too.
Definitely loving your 5 day programme. Im 3 months in now and when I startet my bench was barely 110kg for 1 rep, to now 4 reps on 110kg and a 1RM on 120kg thus far.   Deadlift improved the most but was the most inaccurate lift as well since I've never really done deadlifts. Startet out from 110kg for 3 good form reps. Now I've done 155kg for 4 reps with close to perfect form imo.
I've really wanted to try your program. Would you mind explaining the rep scheme to me as I'm having a difficult time understanding it?
Any plans to pull 600 soon? 
Woah hold up. Did you say your starting bench was 155 for 5x5?? Wtf
The first day of stronglifts I did 5x5 at 135, but went to 145 the next session and 155 the third before going to the suggested 5lb per bench session increments. 
TFW after months of lifting you can't even get 135
It's alright man. I struggled at 85 lbs. Took me a year and a half to get to 135. But everyone gets there.
That's encouraging to me man. What's your bench at now
about 170, even after dropping 25 lbs cause of a mouth infection
Tfw not everyone starts their bb journey from the same place  Tfw there's no set timeline as to how strong you'll get and how quickly you'll get there  Tfw we're all gonna make it brah
This comment means a lot to DYELs like me 
Damn son.  My first day was a painfully difficult 105x5.  Took me a while to hit 135.
A decade working construction builds a decent base to start from.
Is that omar isuf 
I was hoping you would say something. This response is amazing.
i agree, these lifts are skills and practicing them more will yield better results as you refine your technique and develop motor patterns 
What is a joker set?
I second this. Currently following 2suns 531, doing 17 sets of bench and 17 sets oh OHP, results are amazing.
But you don't do 17 sets of each, it's 9 sets of bench then 8 sets of ohp on day 1
Day one is 9 sets of Bench and 8 sets of OHP.  Day three is 9 sets of OHP and 8 sets of Incline Bench.  Day five is 9 sets of Bench and 8 sets of CGBP.  That's 34 Bench sets and 17 OHP sets.
i'd be ded 17 sets of OHP...
deded
You can miss out on a lot of gains by not being profient in the big compound movements. Squatting is the best way to put on mass on your lower body and double overhand deadlift is a great movement for overall size and trap thickness. Practicing the movements atleast 2x a week will help raise your neural profiency allowing you to have better form and hit higher numbers.   The biggest muscle is also the strongest and vise versa.
Why would you say double overhand deadlift for traps? Grip is gonna be your limiting factor and hit your traps a lot less
Muscle imbalances probably? Not only in traps but erectors and lats. I definitely notice it myself. 
Might as well just use straps and go heavier if that's a worry
Defiently. Pulling with a mixed grip can lead to serious imbalances. Double overhand with straps, hook grip or just raw is better.
or you could alternate your alternating grip
Why is that down voted? That is a good strategy. Get the advantages of mix grip but mitigate the risk of imbalances.
There was a Strengtheory article which had a key point of - strength training is bodybuilding and bodybuilding is strength training for a given number of reps.   Explanation - say, 3 sets of 5 reps is just as good for hypertrophy as 3 sets of 10 reps as long as you're equally depleted of energy at the end of each set. Need more gains? Just do more sets.
3x5 linear progression. Add 2.5kg/5lbs to bench and 5kg/10lbs to squat/dead if you hit the desired reps. Alternatively do 5/3/1 (Google).  Those numbers are doable within a year to a year and a half of starting to lift, so you should be good if you already have a higher base strength.
First off, make sure your form is good for all of your lifts so you can avoid injury and progress consistently. Train hard and eat as much as you can force down. Those aren't really very intense numbers so as long as you're hitting the weights smart, heavy, frequently, and eating like a horse, you'll be there in no time. If you aren't getting the results you want, reconsider your diet, training, and rest.
Are we talking about 1x...bodyweight or 1plate, 2plate....? If plates then i agree with you. not crazy. If xbodyweight then those are quite the lifts. 
he means plates 
I'm assuming he means plates, anyone shooting for a 4x bodyweight deadlift probably isn't coming to this subreddit for advice.
And if someone is pulling 4x their body weight then I would assume strength is not a weak point for them
Yeah, but nsun isnt weak and he posted here.   That said 4x bw dead is strong as fuck.
got there in about a year with SS and then weekly progression via texas method.   It's pretty cool to hate on rip now though, so let's just say I got there by putting on about 1lb a week at the start, then .5lb a week after (which is what really counts as long as you're lifting heavier and heavier stuff)
no u r  enjoy your cool points
you know what's the worst. I gotta say I had awful work days and the shittiest hotel. Nervous AF. I eventually realized how dumb this whole shit was. So I went to log in and edit that 1st paragraph. Can't. Remember. Password. No email address associated with that account. Whatever. 
Ugh that sucks man. It's all good, I also realized how stupid our argument was the other day, and how pointless.  We have different goals, who am I to give you shit about anything anyway.  Anyway, those were good points up above.
Now kith 
Check out gzcl's program too. It's for powerlifting but it will make you strong
That's the point of a powerlifting program.
I don't know what you're talking about, my usual powerlifting routines involve 5/3/1 eating butt.
You said to check out GZCL's program that it's for powerlifting but it'll make you strong. Making you strong is the point of a powerlifting program.
i think 2-suns program would bs good for you 
Will second n-suns program, or whatever the fuck he's calling himself today
might be out of the loop but I hear a lot about his program, I'm wondering if he has any qualifications? Not saying it's necessary but just curious if he's a coach or physical therapist or something. 
Keep in mind that n-Suns is the leader if the little internet troll gang that like to downvote brigade anyone smaller and weaker than him in this sub. He's a short fat guy with the right genetics for powerlifting so he's somewhat good at it. He's also on tons of anabolic steroids so of course he can make gains training every day. He neglects to tell you that his gains are because of the steroids he's using and that he's a fat, mouth breathing practically illiterate mongoloid.
Word of mouth.  People across various levels of experience have run it with solid results.  I've used it for a bit and my bests are 500/335/575 sbd 5'10, 185. 
Pretty sure he's a construction contractor by day, gains contractor by night.
Thirded. Was really stalling with PPL but this program is getting me back on track
4thed. 2suns program is incredible. 
What's really helped me recently is really warming up the muscle and letting the CNS acclimate to the weight.  For example for bench I'd warm up with the bar then 135/225/275 for sets of 5 then 315/365 x1 and finally my max of 405x1.  Before I was going 135/225/315 x5 then trying to max and I feel like really taking your time and going stepwise with the 25lbs gets me more ready for bigger loads
Absolutely this. I don't lift anywhere near as much as you, but I can tell a big difference in the number of quality reps I can do based on how many warm-up steps I did. Ramping it up is definitely the way to go. That is why I think that 5/3/1 and it's variations are really solid since you just continue to ramp up so by the time you are to your heavy set, you are ready.
Ain't nothing but a peanut...
Nothin but penis baby...
The biggest bodybuilders are usually the strongest ones. Strength and Size both matter.
Benching 225 for 10 reps. stop lifting for 1 1/2 months. Come back to gym. Now struggling to bench 185 for 6 reps. I've been back at the gym for 3 weeks, but "muscle memory" isn't kicking in or I lost my gains. Any tips?
It could partially be a mental block, though I don't know how you would get past that. Maybe with a good spotter.
It seems you suffered the exact strength loss l did after three months not training. l tried to push bench back up but progress was frustratingly slow. Then, l switched to dumbbells and tried to drive that up instead. Gone up 25lbs each side within a month, thoroughly recommend switching up your main movement for chest for a little while. 
That's a huge strength loss for 1,5 months man.  Did you lose a bunch of weight or something?    Just keep benching it will come back.
Has your form changed or something???  That doesn't add up.  Weird.
Does anyone know if it's possible to go from 405 to 495 dead....during a 22 week cut? Also how long did it take you to go from 4 to 5 to 6 plates. It took me a month to go from 3 to 4 and when I pulled 4 it was super easy so I know my strength is above that I just never tested ut
3 to 4.... in a MONTH? How? What magic? What program?
Just never trained deads because I didn't like it. Then I tried it again because I was having issues with my lats developing unequally because I sleep on one side and it was always tight. This was right after a show so it gave me something else to focus on and I think I deadlifted 2x a week.  I think I was adding something like 20pounds a week. Now it's my favorite lift
how do you progressive overload 
eat at a caloric surplus and add weight/ or reps to your lifts every week
i was asking op specifically because im sure a lot of people have problems adding strength (stalling at weight and reps) which is why this thread is relavent to bodybuilding  
That dude is constantly being a twat all over the sub. Usually talking out of his ass, too.
i understand the concepts, i was just trying to prove that this thread is important to bodybuilding at getting stronger/moving more volume is a key driver in hypertrophy 
My bad, I just wanted to add to the discussion, didn't mean it to sound like I was explaining it to you.
its fine man, i agree with most things you said 
I thought steroids here haram though?
is this real life lmao
Wheymen.
What the?
It's a new copy pasta from one of Levrone insta posts 
Wishing him the best. I hope he does well.
His legs are unreal. From the back they might even beat Phil's.
If you read what i wrote, you'll see i meant legs.
They are actually pretty damn close
I think the lighting makes Bonac's look a bit better
tossup in my opinion, hes way darker which makes it look better, but he isn't as dry
Phil is more dry and leaner but it takes away the fullness that William has in the glutes and hamstrings. As for back and biceps, Phil is the taker
Great bodybuilder. Also way better genetics than Terry Crews
Don't see the chest gap.
Pretty sure that it isn't the original music because it would most likely be copyrighted.
Some of the routine reminds me of Terry's eurotraining.
If y'all can, don't get shoulder surgery. Your "bad one" will end up being so tight and perfect that your "good one" loses it's reputation 
costume party tonight, to lazy to make/ buy one guess I'm going as a "gymbro"  Tank, sweats and a headband going as dom pretty much.
ait update while drunk  made out with a few chicks got some arm feels / swolested, didn't smash anyone too drunk to talk, just danced all night was a nice experience.
Deadlift is finally moving in the right direction, hit a 3 plate pb two weekends ago. Lifted 150kg(330lbs) last weekend and then today manged 160kg(352lbs).  4 plates by Christmas is the goal....
lol, my deadlift has been moving backwards lately.  good luck on your 4plates goal.
Failed my first working set of squats. It's going to be a sad leg day
Thank you man. I had to deload a bit the weight in squats but killed the rest of excercises
What happens when you fail a squat?   Do you just kinda plop down and sit there?
Either drop the bar or have pins/bars set up in the rack
Let the barbell rest on the safety bars with shame
Barometric pressure changed today. Probably the reason 
same here pal, my appetite is never ending
Not always physically hungry, but almost always wanting to eat, regardless of my macros. Former fatty probs.
I have LGD but I am scared AF to use it 
That was me with dnp but I just said fuck it and started using it.
im just scared ill have permanent damages and some shit. 
Send it to me
what is your address 
Lol im just playin. I got the real shit. If ur serious tho shoot me a pm
haha alright, i will hit you up when I get balls 
I was scared of dying on dnp on accident but so far I'm Still alive so it's lit.
How long have you been using it? And results? Just curious, I'm skinny dyel so I don't need DNP lol
Today is day 6 so far I can definitely tell I'm flat as fuck and I do seem to be loosing weight but holding water for sure.
As I'm sitting in my uni tech center its really hitting me how out of shape the general population really is. I can just see all the pizza and beer weight in people. Dont get me wrong I drink and go out occasionally but some people really just let themselves go.   Just thinking out loud 
No, absolutely. Mediocrity is celebrated in our society. 
It's sad that "Have you tried trying?" is a question that actually needs to be asked.
UCSB about to have a course on memes. Better see some of y'all attending, or teaching
I'd attend just to see some people who think they're memers competely botch it.
Me too thanks 
it's so worth the read.
One day you may 
Thanks you too
You missed
Hey everyone,first time posting.My question is,why does everyone think that mesomorph means someone who looks like some kind of fitness modell without lifting?I recently had an anthropometry test,and they said I am a mesomorph.I'm 5 foot 7 inches (more than 5'8'' when trying to appear taller on purpose (in metric I range from 172-174)) 16 years old,and around chest measurement is 82 cms. 
Mostly because people like believing in bullshit. Somatypes aren't a real thing, some people have a bigger frame than others, some have it easier building muscle than others, but it's not really possibly to divide into 3 distinct groups. You're not going to be naturally lean and muscular without putting some work in, and even the smallest guy can get pretty jacked with time and effort.  "I'm an ectomorph" is code for "I'm 6' 125 lbs and don't know how to eat".
I'm saying you can't divide people into 3 distinct groups because it's more like several simultaneous spectrums. Your genetics (muscle shape, skeletal proportions etc.) will absolutely have an impact on your performance. Muscle growth and capacity can be manipulated with steroids if you really want to.  Either way a jacked dude with mediocre genetics will look way better than an untrained dude with god tier genetics.
Actually there's a mathematical approach to somatotypes,as they were designed that way,and that's how they did it for me,you need to measure skinfolds and whatnot.You are absolutely right about typing people into 3 groups is impossible.On my results they had also written numbers to each category  eg endomorphy 1.43 mesomorphy 3.86 ectomorphy 4.24
Ok but they're dumb. Big bone structure, average, small but theres no reason someone cant lose or gain weight with proper diet or exercise, barring some weird medical condition - which many people claim they have because they're lazy to eat correctly or workout and they want to make themselves feel better 
Personally I'd put on a bit more mass before competing, in the end it's up to what you want though. How old are you?
That's kinda what I was thinking too. That picture is from August right before I started a bulk so I'm pretty lean there, about 138-139 lbs. I've put on a bit more mass since. If I do compete, I plan to continue bulking pretty hard until December/ January and then cut hard. And I'm 19, I could technically compete in teen physique right? It's an NPC show. 
Hello sir, may I ask you a question? I am a beginner and trying to one day achieve your type of body, but right now I am eating as much as I can and gaining mass since I'm only 130 lbs.  Is there a routine you recommend for beginners to start lifting heavier? I feel as though the one I am currently on is fine but wanted to know if someone with your experience and physique knows of something better.
Honestly I'm still somewhat of a beginner too. I've only been lifting for about 6 months. I do a PPL type routine and it's been working well for me. Biggest thing I can say is make sure your diet is good and your always hitting your macros. Do that, be consistent, and you'll be successful.
Ur making it brah. Keep it up
How do you film yourself performing an exercise at the gym with a phone?  Do you just prop it up against something and start video?
I used to just ask a gymbro to film me, explain you want to check your form. Most people are understanding of it
I call my mom and ask her to come to the gym to help film her baby boy.
Prop your phone against a plate (or put a 5lb in the back, 2.5 lb in the front to stabilize it) in a chair, on a stool, equipment, whatevers.  Press record.  Perform exercise.  Press Stop.    That's literally all there is to it.  Or just ask a bro to film you.
After around 4 years of inconsistency, not caring about food, struggling with squats for a long time, and not making any noticable gains most of the time, I finally squatted 225 for a rep last night after ramping up my consistency and food habits the past few months. I haven't gone for a squat max in years so having such a heavy load on my back felt so strange and even in the bottom of the squat, it was the weirdest feeling. Usually in a working set, it's either a fail where I can't come back up or I do come back up with a slight struggle. But with the max, it was a slow ascent and I've never felt like that in a squat before. Now I want 315 deadlift and 185 bench and I'll finally feel like a lifter.
Do me a favor and keep it up dude. Here's to 3pl8
Is anyone on YouTube currently doing a cutting series? even smaller channels. They're nice to follow while you're cutting
You ok buddy?
who on a cut is really ok
Week 2 of being a father, my shoulder (still torn) is clicking less. I'm starting to get sleep in 2 hour blocks (god send) and I've looked at my home gym while walking by it. I decided to "fuck it and eat what I want" and somehow have lost weight. Nothing sounds/tastes good. I just don't eat. IMO, just have an infant if you want to cut. No time/urge to eat.  
Does this infant have a name yet?
Nice man. Good luck with everything bro
That's all well and great but how's the car? 
Ironically, friends have been helping me source parts for the M3 rear suspension I'm putting in the dad wagon. The race car is actually alright. Turns out the shocks are blown but because I got them second hand, there's no warranty.  
I think we're both thoroughly shocked that the shocks are blown. 
My ZMA dream last night was me pooping myself in my own bed and attempting to wipe it up with the covers before falling out and getting poop covers all over me. 
Well did you get it all?
It was more of a smearing than cleaning.
Goddamn I wish I had calves the size of my head
is it weird that I want big calves so that I look extra silly in a dress?
Lmamo bostin loyd posted about draining puss out of his glutes because of infection. He really is the biggest tool.
Skipped legs yesterday for the first time in over a year. Relationship issues. Probably beginning of the end of the relationship. Ah well, better luck next time I guess.   Now, to fit this 6'x4' Steve Cook poster in the trash...
Was starting to get weird looks from the nursing home assistants
Kinda want to quit my job, which I love, for one where I can spend the majority of my time lifting. The addiction is real.
Uhh..don't do that.
I was thinking of doing something like enlist in the Army or Marines. No paperwork, red tape, fed regs.
At work and decided to visit r/fitness.  Accidentally typed in r/fintess.  WTF is that.  Hoping HR doesn't contact me now... 
I'm at work and I want to click it soooo bad.  What is it, tell me, PM me if you want so you don't ruin the surprise for fellow /r/bodybuilding
nothing much. just a guy writes marker pen on his bum.
I not going to click on it, but that description doesn't sound like the best use of hip drive
One cannot be told what /r/Fintess is. You have to see it for yourself.
The banner is a huge pic of some dudes ass. I have no idea.  I closed the window as soon as I could.
I skipped doing triceps on my Push day as I was short on time yesterday.  I think I subconsciously negged myself because last night dreamt of having a godly arm workout, specifically tricep work.
Decided to stop consuming caffeine for a while since I couldn't drink coffee while sick.  Mornings are way better, no longer feel like I'm still in the waking up process from 7-9. Sleep is a consistent 9hrs every night now too. Less anxious too.
let us know how the workouts are without caffeine.  I want to taper down from taking 1.5 of ferox PWo but I feel like I need that edge that stims give me
wasn't in the gym thursday or friday when I first kicked it cold turkey because of strep, so can't say for those days. Sunday was rough and I had to cut my squats short, but I think that's just because of the poor rest and diet I had while sick.  I hit up the gym yesterday though and benched more than last week, went up 5lbs on front squats, and got all my accessories in pretty fast.
I literally only consume caffeine as a pre-workout on lifting days. I don't use it at all on non-lifting days or in a non-workout context. Haven't had issues yet.
Recently noticed I was having way too much caffeine, tried to cut down today and had hot sweats and felt awful. I think I have a problem. 
It occurred to me the other day that I'm a few months into college, and the only people I talk to outside of class are my roommate and my girlfriend(who is 2 hours away). I'm not really bothered by it, but regardless, I should probably fix that. 
Leave your door open, hang around the lobby of your dorm. Easy mode right there.  I know my school had tons of shit I never took advantage of too, like a couple of pickup sports and clubs.  Another good thing is find out who has free food and hit that shit up. Worst case scenario you meet no one and get a free slice of za, best case scenario you get a friend and za.
I've been out of school for about 4 years now, and the only thing I regret was not taking more advantage of extra-curricular clubs and events. That and I wish I could have started lifting and eating right earlier than my senior year, but whatcha gonna do.
Are you in a dorm, an apartment or living at home?
Dorm. Its not like I don't have the opportunities, I just don't take them. 
Sounds like you need to rush a fraternity
College is different than high school.  I met several friends that I am still very close with four years later.  I'm also really good friends with one of my first roommates.  
Just ordered mr hyde watermelon. Should i be prepared for something?
you should be prepared for a delivery of mr hyde watermelon within the next 2-5 working days
I've been using it for months. It's great. I had to stop recently because it's been instant diarrhea. Literally fucking instant, I put it in my mouth, wash it down, and the rumbling begins. Been using a banana instead for the past week and no stomach aches. Tomorrow, I am going to try half a scoop to see if I can handle it.
My profesor is hot as shit..... and no
Take some pics of him and share plz.
I know thats common place but i only eat female butt
think you're in the wrong sub, boy
Reported.
That's a very ambiguous no. No she didn't resist your advances, or no he's not interested in no homo sex with an autistic kid
No i didnt smash
Anybody here watching some horror flicks to get in the Halloween mood? I'm on a deload week so I'm going to watch the original Halloween during my MISS session after my leg workout. 
yeah. Been watching about a movie every other night at home. Favorites so far were bride of frankenstein and return of the living dead.
Play the original Dead Space and you'll get in the Halloween mood lightening-fast
Gonna have to end it with a girl i've been fucking. Starting to develop feelings and I'm not sure if she feels the same way. Gonna see her on saturday...How would you guys approach this?   I was thinking about saying something like this before we have sex, I think I'm gonna have to end this before since i starting to get feeling...So unless you feel the same way this'll be the last time I'm coming over.      Thoughts?
You're ending it because you have feelings?   Just tell her, and see
That's why I put the Unless you feel the same way part in there.  Think I should go a different route?
Be honest but give her a chance to offer her feelings as well. Break it into two parts "I'm starting to feel..." then let her respond. If it doesn't allow for you both to move forward, yeah, I'd hit it one more time then break it off lol
I wouldnt phrase it as "I think we should end it, unless youre catching feelings to."  Phrase it more positively.  Give her a chance to to exceed your expectations 
Probably could just text her and see her response
Nah that's not me bro.
If it gets awkward after the talk I'd just leave. Feels odd to me to drop it on her in the morning before we both have work and shit.
How about you bang then tell her immediately after as you're leaving? As in, don't spend the night. The way you put it you're intentionally fucking yourself over while communicating to her you're a pussy. Get what you want (sex), then if you want more, tell her you want more while simultaneously walking away. If she doesn't want you to go, she'll be way more honest about her feelings. If she does want you to go, you know it'll never be more than just sex.
I'm just going to back away from this conversation slowly
Was just wondering what you meant. English isn't my native tongue so I may have misunderstood.
Dude, having feels is not a big deal. How do we know we're alive but through our feelings? You'll be hurt if she says no either way, but I'd recommend you have this as a talk, not a text. I know in this day and age we millenials want to go the easy, fast route, and a text provides that. However, having this conversation in person is a lot better, more fulfilling, and more adult than through text. You're a man now, and the way you behave yourself will set you up for the future.   I have made this mistake too many times, where at least I wish I had had these kinds of conversations in person.   Even if the conversation ends with a "break," you'll feel tons better that you MANed up and showed up.
Lmao, I appreciate the thought out response but ehhhh I've never once mentioned or thought about doing it over text.
The thought of him typing all that out thinking i was gonna do it over text was funny to me. Didn't realize we were running on limited amounts of lmaos here.
Imho after fucking. 
He did say this was after a chest workout if that changes anything. 
I don't know, man. His chest, delts, and traps aren't overdeveloped or anything. Delts aren't super capped at all, traps aren't overpowering his physique, etc. His chest is massive compared to the rest of him but that's not really a sign of gear.   He definitely could be on, but he's nowhere near a clear giveaway 
Yeah. You gotta remember that he's in the gym. Think about how you look with a pump vs without one. 
His delts are neither capped nor overpowering. They look a lot like mine (aka kind of small) when he's flexing and like a normal built dude when he's not. If anything, his chest is what's massive. 
Hah, fair enough. R/BB is the best time waster 
Definitely looks like he takes creatine. Not natty.
small calves ...
Has anyone here taken any joint support supplements that helped? This high volume is kinda fucking me but I don't wanna stop 
Glucosamine and proper rotator cuff work.
Scheduled deloads will help more.
Joint Renew from Nutritox is badass, I've noticed a difference in achy joints from taking it. 
Assemble your imaginary gym crew, 5 real life people max (living or deceased, no superheros, DBZ, etc.)  Anddddd go...
pisslord  big lenny  piano man  blaha  mark rippetoe
Me now, me from when I first started lifting, me from when I win my first Olympia, Brooke Wells, and Jesus Christ
Kyle/Josh from Colossus Fitness, Garry/Simon from Massthetics, and Silent Mike 
Holy fuck boys im trying this no porn no fap thing out and literally every asian girl i see (only sexual attraction) i want to bang on the spot, constant raging boner all day pls help
Why are you trying that?  I'm honestly curious, I read about it, but never really committed.  No porn I get, but no jerking the gerkin? c'mon.  I'm honestly curious.
I read that not jerking helps with overall energy levels and soiability haha and ofc porn we all know why to avoid
Man, I tried not jerking it, and it just made be blow my load super fast whenever I got to the business in the sheets. Also, my balls hurt.  I'm not trying to discourage you, if it works for you, great, but, I think no porn does way more than jerking.  As long as you're not smacking it 4 times a day.
Im at like 2-3 on average lol normally
I read the moon is made of cheese 
Does that mean its leg day? 
It's not healthy not fapping. You should but maybe not all the time..
Currently 18m idk about reddit age i fuck around a lot on this account and as for your comment about my fetishizing women, we all have fetishes and I'm entitled to mine granted i'm aware that this limits my pool of available women, and why are you assuming things about me based on my sexual preferences?...talk about projecting. And on your point of gear everyones different man by all means I'm not saying you can't make natty gains but we all have different aspirations and goals, and not knowing mine you have no place to say i shouldn't be  on gear besides obvious health risks.
Its a poor defense because your making assumptions about me which aren't true? You've used anecdotal evidence to make a claim that holds no truth in regards to me? Your literally just being an asshole, but argue that im lying because it benefits your argument.. think what you want man I don't need to defend myself to a stranger online keep responding I won't. And to clarify you never even asked when i would begin cycling but again made assumptions, were a family? Some people here are, but you certainly aren't 
You fucked yourself over with this comment lol. By getting butthurt and defensive you've pretty much convinced everyone that if you're not in fact 16, you're way too immature to even be thinking about steroids and shit lol. 
Yeah probably true, i shouldn't really feel the need to defend myself to someone online, oh well we fuck up my response was definitely way to butt hurt, just wasn't expecting someone to be such an ass in this community
Half of us are on test or test and tren. Ofc you're going to get asshole responses bruh
Your absolutely right haha, thanks man putting this interaction into perspective helped  a lot, i kinda already figured it was just him venting some anger. 
No lol it's more like old grizzled bear getting annoyed with little cub lmao. Ignore the guy if you want but listen to the advice. Don't fuck with test before 23
Yeah i agree I'm not actually going to start until I'm well into university and financially stable, im just fully aware of my eventual hopping on the train haha probably shouldve clarified, but he came on so aggressive haha didnt really want to just respond with that
No fap, fetishizing Asian women, and talking about your constant raging boners is a pretty dead giveaway that you're an angsty teenager who reads manga, watches anime, is probably a virgin, and if you don't do something quickly you're going to end up at foreveralone/redpill/incels.
The no fapping part right? Im thinking of reevaluating it and just fapping once a day but cutting porn out entirely
...why? 
if you visit /r/NoFap, they'll tell you that it gives you superpowers. I did it once for 174 days before I said fuck it. 0/10 would not do nofap again
It gives them superpowers the same way not drinking gives an alcoholic superpowers.
So I hopped into bed last night with schlong in hand ready to crank one out, I opened reddit and was gonna go to the usual r/homemadexxx but I was kinda in a daze and I guess my subconscious desires took over and I loaded up this sub.  God damn I think I'm finally making it boys.
Gooble Gobble One of Us
Had a girl tell me that girls would pay to look at me nude. MFW straight for pay
Tell them that you only let guys pay for nudes from you.
Isn't this clean eating?
The mythical front double biceps double biceps.
My mom teaches Sunday school for 5th graders, but this past Sunday she asked if I can teach them because she was busy with choir stuff. I thought to myself, sure why not, it shouldn't be bad. Boy, was I wrong. 5th graders are the absolute worst. Brighter side though, they kept on calling me muscle man, or some sort of that variation and a few of the boys and girls challenged me to an arm wrestling match. I thought I should be nice and let them win to fill their little egos. Then, I realized I'm no bitch so I beat every single one of those little shits. My mom is a saint, I don't know how she deals with them. And all you teachers out there, God bless
My workout partners suggested 10x10 squats last night. Decided to try 405 on my ninth set. Thought I'd maybe get 3 decent ones considering a month ago I got 3 half ass reps.   Somehow managed 10 with hams/calves touching. Haven't crushed a PR like that in longer than I can remember.  Crush your lifts bruhs
Bro, holy hell. Those arms
Is it fair to say that most of this sub is "powerbuilders"? Or is that just the general mindset of amateur/casual bodybuilders. Other than a few celebrity posters here I see more regarding the amount you guys are lifting and trying to obtain that next plate rather than aesthetics. Not hating my swolebros just curious. 
People care about numbers on this sub way more than any other bodybuilding group/forum i've been around. 
Gotta get strong to get big.
Bodybuilding and aesthetics is definitely my main priority but fuck man it feels good being able to bench 3 plates and deadlift 4.
Doms wisdom taught me that if youre small and natty you have to embrace natty strength. Anatomy of the modern lifting bro vid 
I don't really care about my numbers anymore, they steadily progress with time but I've been small my whole life so fuck that shit. I'm out here looking to be a shredded, dick skin veiny, aesthetic god. Plus in enjoy high volume lifts more than strength lifts. 
Honestly I'm a powerlifter first, I just enjoy the sport of bodybuilding and find the discussion and information here better than any other subreddit, plus I mean if I can pick up some aesthetics along the way with some of the r/bb knowledge and through my accessory then BONUS
I personally run a powerlifting routine and just use diet and light accessory work to help with aesthetics
I mean heavy lift is best lift.
Can't get big without big lifts. 
I've lifted for hypertrophy for the most part of the last 4 years. The last 8 months though, I've seen my strength really take off. Not exactly what you were asking...but ya
everybody wanna be a bodybuilder, but don't nobody wanna lift no heavy ass weight 
I'd say there's an equal emphasis on numbers and aesthetics.
I'd much rather look like I can lift a lot than be able to lift a lot. 
"Everybody wants to look like the bench 315. Being able to actually bench 315, doesn't hurt"  -Dom  (I changed the numbers because I can bench 225 and I'm DYEL so...
I do low reps/high weight for the big 3 and ohp, then volume for accessories so yeah I consider myself a powerbuilder
Even if you lift for aesthetics you're gonna get strong too. Ain't nobody got a sick chest who can only bench 225lbs. 
I can bench 225 for a negative rep.
It's much easier to see progress in terms of numbers and plates, I think most of us mostly want to get yuuuge, but on the way you need to lift some heavy weight.  Also the feeling of adding another 45lbs plate is exhilarating. 
Mirrors lie.   Lighting lies.   The iron never lies.  
There's this new guy at the gym I go to. Huge BBC genetics black guy. Always kinda in his own world, dances around, always smiling and singing to his music, lifts heavy as fuck etc. Big dude and all, but always seemed kind of off or not all there mentally. I never cared though because he brought some good energy to the gym and never bothered anyone. Yesterday though he was doing some chest flys, stopped mid set, lifted up his tank top to reveal his absolutely shreded mid section in the mirror and gives a loud angry gorilla scream while slapping his abs. He does 10 more reps of chest flies, sprints to the locker room and leaves the gym all in what felt like 20 seconds. Everyone just kinda looked around stunned at what just happened for what felt like a couple minutes than got back too it. I still laugh a little bit thinking of it now. What a night.
Orlando?
This better not be at Crunch in Beaverton, Oregon, because we have one of those too. 
Because that's where I worked out this summer and we had the same exact dude who would do stuff like that haha
Delete your comment bro.  But also answer me this, does the dude wear strongliftwear stringers all the time, and do weird shit like throw his water bottle or keys across the room?  Cuz I'm pretty sure Crunch kicked him out multiple times so he probably goes to multiple gyms haha
Yes he always wears strongliftwear holy shit we're talking about the same guy. That is some crazy coincidence shit. He seems like an alright dude, but I haven't seen him throw shit. i've also only seem him a couple of times so hopefully he's chilled out a little bit after getting kicked out of a couple places... why crunch fitness though I thought that was a womens only gym?
Nah crunch has the same prices as planet fitness, but they just went under new management and are a much more bodybuilder friendly gym (big water bottles, stringers, etc). My good friend and I actually got into it with him one day because he was being an asshole and tried to file a report saying we were harassing him just because I said hello to him in the locker room.  The dude has some sort of screw loose somewhere...
I think he might have some form of Asperger's syndrome or some social deficiency. I'm no psychiatrist so take this with a grain of salt but one my cousins has Asperger's and acts the same way when we go hiking (his favorite activity). I think people with Aspergers get extremely in the zone when they're doing something they're into and just don't have any regard for other people at that stage... I could be over extending though haha
Holy shit its so funny you say that because that's exactly what I was telling my friend when it happened.  This just confirms everything I thought over the summer.  It was just such a weird thing because before he got into it with us, he would constantly walk up to us and flex right in our faces, then walk away (which made me think that he liked us but had some weird social thing that made it hard for him to talk to other people).  I'm not saying that my buddy and I are big by any means, but we definitely can move some heavier weight for a gym like crunch (we both are in the 3/4/5 club), and I think that was his way of trying to talk to us, he just didn't know how to walk up and introduce himself.
I read this while picturing Terry Crews. Anyone else?
Nah. My perception is jaded so when he said huge I was thinking like kai green level etc
You'll never have black man muscles...
I want to be this Alpha's friend 
this guy is like an Omega. I don't think he cares about anything but lifting weights
This guy sounds like a character. Maybe it was for Harambe
I think he might be a little mentally unstable/not all the way there. He is huge as fuck but has some interesting mannerisms. I've never seen him do anything remotely intimidating to another person or be confrontational at all which is good.
this is what I aim to become
I believe in your autismo ability bby
today is my birthday IRL, and hopefully the day i press 225 for the first time in my 26 years of existence. wish me luck bros.
I've started back on a bulk and now I'm horny as fuck.  I literally just had a wet dream, and all I want to do is fuck my missus.   Was I really that deprived of food that I was affecting my hormones?
Don't you just love waking up and seeing the new DD shitposting galore fresh and ready for you to tuck into.   
Been thinking more about what my priorities in life are and how I want to organize my time this year. Came to the conclusion it was hamstrings and calves for 60sec rest periods.
Ya boy decided it's time to start saving for a ring. Any of yall out there have ring buying advice? To me it looks like it's a huge crock of shit of an industry but ya gotta play the game I guess. 
Go to a truly local jewelry shop. Better work at a better price.
I would delete this before some dickhead tries to contact your gf over IG or something to give away the surprise. Good luck with the ring shopping though. Find out what she wants and get her something exactly like that.
Find the business district, jump a person with a nice ring. I grew up in a shit neighbourhood man
Holy shit that would be brutal.   "Hey I see your going through tough times.  I'll give you 2 grand if you divorce him and give me the ring."
my man out here making serious life gains
Thank you. Advice like this is super helpful. Going to try and get an idea of what I can afford in the coming weeks. 
Find a small local jeweler that does custom metallurgy and spend a few extra bucks on a band that you've designed together with the jeweler.  It's a lot cheaper than you think, and can be an amazing way to really add style to a ring without forking over huge amounts of money for an extra 0.1 karat
I'll be going this route. I've gotta figure out what my brother did with my mother's ring and I was contemplating having the stone done in a custom setting. 
Does your girl know about your Reddit account? Or are you not worried about her finding out. 
She doesn't reddit. She's unaware of my rbb antics altogether actually. 
Does she know a bunch of big autistic dudes snapchat you?
Works in your favor she may not say yes if she did 
What does she say when she checks your IG and there are 8 comments about wanting to suck your dick and 3 comments telling you stop eating more than the Nigerian population combined? 
I think she just assumes it's from my YouTube channel. If only she knew my true autism power level 
Knowing me I'd probably let my gf know that I have a list of dudes willing to suck my dick if she ever decides to leave me 
Put an egg on dat finger bro
Today I commented to a friend how good the lighting was in a part of the room. He replied if I were actually aesthetic I wouldn't need lighting to look good. Fucking brutal.
OK bros so I can't be the only one that deadlifts there pants back up after going to the bathroom. I just realized I do this without thinkung about it the other day.
I think I deadlift everything I pick up now 
On an EC stack and in my nursing class today got my blood pressure taken. My professor started asking why my blood pressure was 150/100...I blamed it on preworkout
Please tell me that picture is folded a bit? Or are you from a family of people with tall bodies but midget-proportioned lower legs?
Had the actually worst start of a day I could have had today. Forgot stuff at home, left a cheese out all day so it gone bad, felt ill after gym and had to skip on classes and no studying done.  But I matched with a 9.5/10 cardiobunny on tinder and she is definitely mirin on snap so that got the confidence back up a bit.  I mean, I like lift.
what type of cheese was it
dickcheese baby
I don't know why but by the way you are grabbing his neck I can imagine you leaning in for a kiss
feelin dem traps
I tried to put on a pair of pants that I bought last year and they don't fit around my quads anymore.
QED. This is irrefutable. Nice work natty police, the world owes you its gratitude.
why do you guys lift?  the more i'm learning about myself the more i realize i've got the need to be better than everyone around me. feel that it might've come from the depression i've had throughout my teens, and was wondering what you guys had to say as well.
I lift because i want to look better and feel better. And impress girls/boys with my physique and because i got nothing better to do.
The largest bodybuilder i know smokes. Its more common than you'd think, especially in the party-aesthetics crowd
My roommate used to powerlift and is still pretty big. I can't bring girls home because then they'll see I'm fat phony.
Front desk girl felt the need to tell me the mass gainer shake was on sale. On one hand as a former fatty it felt great having someone imply that I may think about putting on weight instead of losing it. On the other hand I was just blatantly called small. Think I'll have to go cry into a tub of halo top.
Or she was probably just told to try selling it to everyone
I've fucked up boyos. Supposed to be doing a lean bulk and I've been straight up binge eating since Saturday 
It's 7.30am.  I have a friend's party at 8pm.   I'm already dreading it. I'll have fun but just the social commitment. Ugh. 
go away dad
actually, please come back dad. i miss you 
Is there any way to scientifically prove that your upper body is in fact smaller than normal on leg day? Sort of like a "reverse" pump.
Got Psyllium husk delivered this morning. Will reply back in couple of days after some glorious shits.
I finally tried mixing my protein powder into plain greek yogurt. It's fucking delicious. I don't know why I never tried it sooner.   That's all. 
7x3 405. Squat. Pr for my bodyweight.     Edit my bodyweight is 190 rn just to add.
Alright guys, I broke up with my gf of 3.5 years yesterday. It sucked but I'm not ready to settle. I killed my lifts yesterday and today. Idk how to feel right now. But anyways I made a friend in an eco trip last weekend. She's pretty cool. Also another chick in NY friend group confessed her love. I see her as a sis though. Idk what to do Mann. Kill your lifts bros love yall
How do you fuckers manage to get nudes from chicks on Snapchat? I must be doing something wrong.
Well what are you currently doing?
I'm attractive enough to get the girl to message me first, confident enough to get her snapchat or number, and autistic enough to not do anything else until we meet-up.
Im 12 and what is this 
Lmao
Being 5'7
when will they learn
Getting to the point where I don't care what people think of me for practicing poses in-between exercises, gym mirrors are too good for it
Dude walked in on my shameful pose-off in front of the locker room mirror the other week - I'm usually very careful to not be seen, we locked eyes and I joked 'You can never beat gym lighting though can you?' Autism narrowly avoided, I think...
Worked up to a 415 squat today.  Then I hit 315 for 10 and then for 7.  It was a low gravity day today.
Quitting my health food store job and finally getting a training position at the one of the only gyms in my city that gives a damn anymore. Feels good man.
Shoutout to whoever mentioned replacing squats with walking lunges on here about a week ago. TOTALLY KILLER. Really exposed my lack of cardio too, I've never felt more exhausted and my legs more pumped.  Also, raise your hand if you still train calves not because you think they'll get bigger, but to keep them from getting even smaller.
Who's reading this thread in 2016?
2018 brah, sleeping and lifting two times a day. I like to reread the dds thats why im here
Yo shootout to all the future lifters. Has creatine been legalised in 2018?
She lost weight, no way ur calves getting bigger
Anyone else get salty with the stick thin guys that are crazy vascular? 
What pants do you guys with big legs wear? I remember seeing people talk about how amazing a certain kind of stretchy american eagle jeans are, but I forget exactly what they were. I'm definitely going to need to invest in some bigger pants if this bulk goes any longer (which ot definitely will).
levis 541 athletic fit  room in the legs/ass without being boxy dad jeans
I have an irrational hatred of middle aged men that wear t-shirts saying "finisher of X".   
1200isplenty is now my favorite subreddit while cutting.   Im probably the only man that weighs more than 185lbs that frequents that place.   Those girls know how to meal plan i tell you hwat
i mean you take what's useful out of it.   bunch of low cal recipes and ideas.  you leave them with their delusions.
You get what you pay for, kinda.   What dose are they putting you on?
I hurt my back deadlifting yesterday, the worst part is i hurt it doing an extra set that i wasn't planning on doing but i was feeling good so i did it anyway.
So, staff at my gym (girl) suddenly started calling me by my first name without me ever introducing myself.  Weird feeling, but I think she might be crushin.  Never had this happen before at this gym.
well i finally benched 60KG for 2 sets of 5. Just to put into perspective how shit my bench is, 140KG Deadlift, 125KG squat and OHP 45KG 1RM. My bench just fully sucks. But im aiming for 70 by the end of the year. 
You can cut on creatine right? A bro seems to have stalled whilst (as he says) eating less than his maintenance. And we aren't even close to our goal. He wants to lose like 20 kgs. Hopefully he isnt telling lies to me. Could be a combination of noob gains on cut. Losing bf and making muscle
A grill told me I have nice arms this weekend, I guess I need to start hitting the gym before I pregame all the time
Finally starting to not feel so soul-crushingly alone boys. Things are looking up
I just re-watched dead poets society and I almost cried a few times 
What pisses me off about dad bods is that it's women giving guys a free pass for being fat even though they can control that, but ain't no bitch gives a free pass for a manlet which you can't control. Ain't that some shit? I like working hard (and out) because I feel I can make up for things I can't control but working hard and being passionate is unattractive and being a lazy, fat, douche with backward visors, sunglasses and a golf shirt is all girls want. (Yes, I go to college in the south)
It's a load of bs anyway. If I worked out for the sole purpose of attracting women I would of stopped a long time ago.   Just works for dudes no homo
The only girls that 'claim' to like the dad bod all have a mom-butt.
Giraffes, too tall?
This grill I'm working on called me on Sunday while I was lifting. She heard noise and asked what I was doing and I said squatting. She kinda freaked out "why would you answer the phone at the gym?" as I racked 315 for my working sets. "Because this 315 lbs on my back isn't heavy." "Oh...well at least now I know you can pick me up." I think that one is a win, frands.
You literally answered your phone and talked to this chick while squatting? I have to use all my focus just to count my reps
So you're pursuing a 315-pound girl and you answer calls in the midst of squatting...what the fuck are you
She's 315 lbs?
So many guys at my gym have amazing mass and decent leanness but look like shit because they are hunched over. I'm glad I spent so much time working on my posture because I feel like the belle of the ball at the gym even though I'm dyel because I'm one of the few with correct posture. Makes me look much more wider and aesthetic than I really am.   
Grandma told me after lunch today that I used to be skinny af. Did I make it brahs?
Maybe. You might be fat af now
I have the plague that won't die. Pretty sure my immune system has taken a vacation. Besides Zicam, DayQuil, water, and sleep what helps?
solid delt development bro
anyone have tips for getting out of a bench plateau? I hit 195x5 like three weeks ago and haven't been able to top that weight for even a 1RM. I want to hit double plates. my incline db press weight has increased almost double in the past few weeks but not my bench, other than gaining a couple reps, wat do?
Throw volume at it
did most of the things i wanted to do today. schedule is packed af with PPL, school work, and trying to learn/improve in some hobbies. hopefully if i work ahead in school itll open up some time for myself. maybe itll get me out of this funk
Finally hit 405 deadlift for five, felt real good about that. And two of my pants crotches have ripped in the past three days, going with growing legs as the culprit. B E L T B O Y S
Anyone else here team "my teardrops are huge so I wear shorts showing them off so people think I work legs but in reality my legs are small and underworked" team? No? No one? 
I'm actually the opposite. I have no tear drops but "huge" (comparatively) upper quads. It just makes pants hard to wear.
Okay so Bradley just started the second phase of his program but I never saw any noticeable strength gains that he made.   I love his content but it's all probably just for show. I wish instead of doing things for the "gram" he would just train and stick to his program because I bet he could be strong AF.
He didn't really document any progress did he? Upping weights, sets or weight gain?  
No nothing. Kind of disappointing because the whole reason he started this "Lean Bulk" was to get back to why he started in the first place yet there's no like credible proof he progressed at all.
Winter is coming, i plan to be fat(ter) by new years. Might even add a little muscle who knows.
It's back bros. Upped my fat intake and now I'm driving them curves to pound town on the reg. Lifts have been better the last couple days too and killed chest today for Titty Tuesday. 
I use it all the time. I use Titty Tuesday and Taco Tuesday interchangeably 
Taking a recovery week in hopes that my joints catch up a bit. Also got a tinder date arranged with a solid 9/10. Only 3 days of classes this week. Can't wait to close this week out bros
Always fighting the battle between sleep and workouts.. workouts usually win but then I'm tired af the next day.
Pulled 315 for 3x5 a few days back at the gym an it went up as smooth as butter. This is a pretty big accomplishment for me, and I'm looking to try to hit 405 for my 1rm this Thursday. Wish me luck brahs. On another note, uni girls are still confusing af. I took this sub's advice and embraced the smash and dash culture, but now I'm just on the opposite side of the same situation, with girls looking for more whereas I'm not looking for a lasting relationship. Sometimes you just can't win. 
Was benching 125 for 5x5 today (ik I'm weak noob) and I got 3x5 easy pz. Fourth set I struggle to get 4 rack the bar for 10 seconds then bang out two more. I decide to rest a bit longer for last set (6 minutes as compared to 5) and I barely get 3 Wtf?
itll happen mane, just kill your next workout and keep trudging along
Might be moving to Portugal for a job. Any Portuguese bros who could advise me on good gyms in Lisbon and where they get their whey ? Much appreciated amigos
I haven't been to the gym in a while so hopefully it'll help this bulk. 
How much had wearing wrist wraps helped you guys pull? I have a PR of 275 on squat, but I can barely get 245 on deadlift cause my grip gives out before anything else. Are they worth the investment?
You mean wraps I presume, but yeah they help a lot. But then again 245 shouldn't be giving you too much trouble (though you didn't say how big you were), so if you don't use chalk, you should be using that first. And also consider Hook Grip
definitely start working on grip strength, do double overhand for deads until you cant anymore, then do mixed grip or hook grip. 
When doing FDB how come fists point forward? I thought better peak when fists point backwards
Anyone exercise 3 times a week? Got a routine they can share with a bro? My phat routine is too much for me with college.been working out 2 years now.
Non stim preworkouts? I have to workout at around 9 and currently it's hard to sleep after my lifts
By non stim I mean no caffeine keeping me wired into the night 
Anyone here have experience with Lexapro? Really considering getting on it for anxiety. I heard there's weight gain in some people. 
Completely anecdotal but my experience with Lexapro was not positive. Made me feel very out of it. I had a nasty bout with depression for about 6 years and tried Lexapro, Zoloft, Abilify, Prozac, Wellbutrin and a few others. None seemed to work for me. I started lifting 6 days per week and it helped more than any of the drugs ever did.
Taken it for about 4-5 years, not weird sides for me
I took zoloft for a couple months earlier this year and it made getting it up impossible. Quit that shit immediately.   Hopefully lexapro does better. Thanks
How bad is your anxiety?
Pretty bad. I dread normal shit like going to class, checking my grades after an exam, or following up with clients for work. All kind of regular stuff that I shouldn't have anxiety about.   I feel like it's holding me back in a major way.   
If you're not seeing a therapist, don't get on medication. It will likely become a crutch. Patients that rely solely on medication have the worst prognoses
Driving to the gym and New York Minute by the Eagles comes on. Pulled over and bawled my eyes out. Interesting workout. 
Did the song ring back memories
Tweaked my knee playing rugby this weekend. Decided to go ahead with squats and it hurt quite a bit during, so I stopped after the first set. Also had a sort of weird unstable feeling like my knee was going to bend backwards.   Now two hours later and the knee feels better than it has since I hurt it. Going to take it as a sign and skip the squats/heavy direct work for this week and just do high rep leg press/machine work to try to speed up healing.
How often do you guys go on a hearty binge? 
once in the last 6.5 weeks during my cut.  i feel like when i get to maintenance i'm doing a 1200 kcal day once a week and and a 3500 kcal day once a week.
somewhere between 7 and 9 times per week  
I just ate 3 slices of water bread. I fee likel an outlaw.
Last year around I somewhat seriously started lifting for about 2-3 months before the summer. Once it came to summer I had a labor intensive job so I wasn't able to really workout at all and I lost most of the muscle mass I worked hard for. Around late August I started lifting very seriously and all I can say is it is the best feeling ever. I have not only regained all muscle mass but I have also gained on a lot more than I expected. It is such a good feeling lifting heavier every few weeks and hitting new PRs. I am loving bodybuilding so far and will most likely follow it for the rest of my life. Not only do I love lifting but I also love the r/BB community and all of its inside jokes and motivation. I am always so excited to check out the new daily discussion thread everyday on here to see what people are talking about, which can range from waterbread to eating 35 eggs everyday. All in all, love bodybuilding and will continue being an autist.
I don't know if I've just become a pansy lately or if something else is going on. Lately after my squat workouts I've been getting some major DOMS. My sleep, eating, frequency, and volume has remained constant. The only thing that has changed is my week to week intensity, but that has actually been lowered from what I used to run in the past. 
There's obviously a tiny bit of curvature on your lower back, but how does it feel? Sore/stiff? If not then meh, keep lifting and keep your lower back in mid.   Or do like me and start sumo-pulling.
Thats the part of the lift I was worried about. I didn't feel much of anything in my lower back tbh. I have considered giving sumo a go just as a trial to see if I can leverage that better but I'll have to do some research first on the setup and such.
I guess you really never know until you try out both. I'm just a bit paranoid of some slight rounding screwing my back up.
I regularly eat 1000-1500 calories in one sitting within 2 hours of going to bed
maybe undercooked chicken? probably not lacking micronutrients but if u were throwing up and diarrhea drink some gatorade for electrolytes. 
A friend gave me a bottle of Jetfuel since it made him to jittery.   For saying it suppresses appetite I sure do feel more hungry now than before...
Does it matter which PPL I pick as a beginner 2 months in to icf? What would you recommend?
Since you're still a beginner, I highly recommend the linear PPL in /r/fitness. Stick with that until you stop seeing linear gains.
So as a beginner I'm supposed to raise weight weekly, right? I've been increasing 5lbs, and bench struggles to keep up. What do? 5x5 reps
Thoughts on Organic Protein? 
That's semen, right? There's just no way "organic protein" is anything other than a big honking load.
I prefer mechanical protein, reminds me of my cyborg roots
If you want to pay extra for a word, go ahead.   Dumb idea overall though 
Where is the quarter back pose Wednesday thread?
Just got rid over the tennis elbow on my right elbow and now I have golfers elbow on my left. I don't even play sports wtf  Anyone delt with it and have any experience/treatments for it? The info I'm finding on Google is all over the place. It's the inner elbow by the bicep tendon and it hurts during pressing. I believe that's golfers elbow, at least.  My bench was finally getting to a respectable level, too. That's what I get for getting cocky with heavy triples during a blast/bulk. Only fly movements and chest isolations until it's healed.
I bet you can hit the 135 bench, but I'd be surprised if you could reach the squat and deadlift numbers that you desire so quickly...but it's possible, I think
Really depends on how long you've been lifting, but considering your numbers and weight. Im thinking you are probably a little new to lifting. You should be able to hit those BW numbers. That is very likely in my opinion. Maybe you have some more noob gainz in you.  Find a good program that focuses on the big three, if strength is what you wanna go for. Like 2 suns 5/3/1 perhaps. Eat over maintenance and make sure you get enough protein and carbs.   You gotta hustle good if you want to reach 2 plate squat and 3 plate deadlift tbh. Diet and training should be optimal atleast to reach that, but people might disagree. The bench seems more reachable to me
I've been lifting for 1 1/2 months and lifting at home with the exact same pair of dumbbells for every excersises for a year
You should absolutely be able to hit those numbers by February. At your level you should be able to add 5 pounds to upper body lifts and 10 pounds to lower body lifts each week. Even if we lower that to 2.5 lbs and 5 lbs it would still be doable by February (if my math is correct).  Add 5 or 10 pounds to those lifts each week, eat enough to gain weight (.5-1 pound a week), and you should be able to hit them with no problem.  I'd recommend, if you're doing PPL for example, starting each of your workouts with one heavy compound and do 3-5 sets of 3-5 reps for it. That will make it easier to add 5-10 pounds a week to it. Most workouts are set up like that with a big lift at the beginning for low reps, then more isolation type work towards the end for higher reps and a pump. That makes it easy to gain strength with your first lift while still pursuing your BB goals.  If you need any help with your routine or diet, feel free to PM me or just ask me here. You can get those lifts by the end of the year and I'd love to see you do it.
any tips for targeting on leg press? Thanks for the advice but my knees hurt even on low eight when doing extensions so I'm gonna avoid it
When you sit in a leg press, make sure your hips remain bent at about a 90-degree angle at the end of each rep. This should limit to the involvement of the hams and glutes (it'll still hit them obviously, but not as thoroughly) 
thanks brah
Day 5 of dnp over at 250mg still not feeling anything much different even ate carbs before bed and no night sweats. Interesting let's see how day 6 goes.
This might be better suited for Newbie Tuesdays, not sure.  So I'm following the PowerliftingToWin novice program (I know it's powerlifting-related but the actual program isn't important here)  Some random gym bro I spoke to a few weeks ago saw me at the gym again yesterday and after watching me deadlift, said I should ignore my program and work on speed.  Now, I'm new to lifting (S/B/D maxes are probably 240/150/275) and I think it's best to just follow my program rather than do what some random gym bro (who is fairly strong, but still a random guy that does spew some bro science) says  What do you guys think?
I'm not disagreeing with you here and I should have probably said this in the OP, but I feel like at my current strength level I will benefit more from straight linear progression rather than focusing on things such as speed.
Of course. I should have further elaborated in my post as well.   I definitely think you should continue on the program you're doing, but the reason I posted that article was to show that - yes, speed can be beneficial.   I personally don't think you should focus on it, but rather just keep it in mind when you workout. As in don't just go through the motions when you lift, be explosive and try to move the bar faster as you do what your program says. I'm not suggesting you do specific stuff in addition to your program to try to increase your bar speed.  
If you can benefit from linear progression.. continue to do so..   When you need to add in specificity for progress, then start getting complicated.   As long as you getting stronger, getting bigger, keep at it.
Upped my surplus from 250 to 375 calories a couple days ago, am totally killing my workout so far today. Coincidence? I think not. 
Declined a FWB relationship. Not sure if cause of the low libido from the cut or really not interested in the girl
You're going to regret that decision when you're in your 40's.
Was the booty not fat n juicy?
Hey, you take what you get amirite? 
I am disappoint 
Not my cup of tea, id leave her 
gonna have to see the photo to decide man
Research.  For the research.
You're being a little bitch.   I'm getting unattracted by your insecurity on her behalf.  Sounds like you pulled a girl out of your league and you're scared if she flaunts it someone better will snatch her from you.
agreed
lol she's not your property fam, she can do whatever the FUCK she wanna do...so quit fooling around and show us the pic, we'll be the judge of that
My right shoulder hurt in ohp, I decided to not do ohp today to not fuck it up. Was my form off or what could be it? Been going to the gym for 2 months.
Does it hurt when you bench? Most shoulder problems posted around here comes from pain around the rotator cuff usually from either weak rotator cuffs or bad form on the bench. I can't find the video that helped me get through the shoulder pain but it was basically squeeze your back, drop your shoulders, and then lay on the bench.  Also did some light rotator cuff warmups before start of workout
No, bench is fine and I try to retract the scapula as best I can every time.
if the brand or product is shit 
trying way too hard to be hip to the kids   
Just tell him that your finances are really tight at the moment and you can't afford a personal trainer right now.
Ok, I have a question to ask you bodybuilder guys and girls. I am into other forms of fitness.   Do you guys consider yourself jocks or in the same social clique category as basketball and football players, or just consider yourself fitness people like the rest of the gym dwellers? Like did you hang out with Football and Basketball team members in high school and college? Or do you consider yourself a geek?   I know that there are nerd sports like crosscountry, rock climbing, and various forms of running. By jock, I mean popular guys who play stuff like football, lacrosse, and basketball and all the social implications of this kind of stuff.   Some bodybuilders I knew in college considered themselves geeks and basically hid antisocially in the gym, causing the popular joke term gymcel as well as the misc / 4chan overlap. I hungout on the misc too. One chemistry nerd was obsessed with steroids so he majored in premed so he could learn about steroids.  
Lol you can't major in "pre-med" and you don't learn about steroids in any of the prerequisite courses (and you can just research steroids online akin to any other compound that may interest you) so the finale of your post was delightfully autistic to read. Thanks for that
Well he said he was majoring in premed to learn about steroids. I saw bottles of "clen", "tren" and "tamoxifen" on his desk.  
Were they similar to aspirin bottles but with tape over the labels and "tren" sharpied on? 
We're human beings with unique interests. Fuck this clique bullshit. Get over the highschool mind set, dude. It's fucking stupid.
I was an awkward dorky outcast throughout high school, and only discovered lifting in my last year of college after I was sick of being that way.  If my high school self could see me now, he would definitely call me a jocky douchebag.  And I wouldn't have it any other way.
We're the weird autistic kids making noises in the back of the class
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Normies 
No.  Read through the DD every once in a while and you'll pick up on it.
That bent over hamstring flex pose is great.
Wow that was really good I enjoyed it
The flexibility he sports to go along with all that mass is extremely impressive.
That one audience member shouting like he's having an orgasm...
it looks like thoes karate katas i would do. he probably has martial arts history 
That one leg, bent over double bicep pose is fucking great.  I was expecting he had incorporated G4P, though.
Makes you wonder if the judges gave him more point for having this level of control. Puts his muscles in a somewhat different light.
this shit is way creepier than i remember it being lol
To bad about his arm genetics 
?
I just think that compared to his leg genetics his arm genetics are lacking
So gay bros can't be involved in the sport?  Or is your masculinity challenged because someone you've never met did gay porn and body builds as well?
this "sport" is full of gay bros, bro
He said no homo after so it doesn't count
Works for me.   Link pl0x?
Lemonparty.org
I would. . .suck a fart out of his quadrophenia.
It got removed for lack of proof.
looks like the mods re-approved
yay
Sucked anyway
Yeah, there were a couple of cool questions but the rest were just meh.
will steroids questions be answered tho
To what extent does he seem to understand reddit? Not that I don't want the AMA to happen, I just assume he's going to get a lot of super gay-but-no-homo questions. 
I did my best to explain to him and prepare him for that haha. Showed him some of the shit that gets posted about Steve too lol.
What did he say? About the Steve part 
Don't remember exactly but he laughed really hard and said something like "that's fucking amazing."
He also said that he's gonna shoot a video of him answering the questions since it'll likely be funny and he wants his fans that aren't active on reddit to see what's up.
He seems like a good dude. Make it happen my friend
you think we could get him and steve to collab on a sex tape?
Who's the idiot who stole his headphones? Brads gonna murder that dude 
I wondered where those Bose QC35's disappeared to. Literally only did wear them for a couple of videos.
35 min.. ZZzzzZ
So does he just always wear a thong just in case? 
I imagine Stan asking him to hit a pose together then Shawn just strips down thinking "I knew wearing this thing all the time was a good idea" Maybe that's why he's smiling lol
You don't?
I think that's his usual facial expression. My guess is that he looks like this all the time because he is always baked af. Probably was stoned at the olympia too.
My point was that the sides of his mouth are ever so slightly upturned here. That's a big change for him. Usually his mouth is a flat line.
Yo bro get over here and flex. Yeah, that's great. Take your pants off, don't worry, it's fine, just take them off while I take these photos 
Ok seriously do they shave their whole body everyday. 
Wax every month or two or get laser. Shaving makes it come back thicker and faster. Poor choice
No, some men just dont have much hair.
I mean, I shave my legs and arms once every three days with an actual razor, but do my chest once a week with an electric just to trim it down since I break out every time I take an actual razor to my chest. It's an extra 10 minutes in the shower, not a big deal. Never waxed. I have a high pain tolerance, but FUCK THAT SHIT.
Feels a good a time as any to ask, but does anybody have experience with waxing brazilian style as a dude? 
Long time BBer here. I have waxed every 3 months for years. I make sure to wax 7 days out from every contest. Not painful, I don't break out if i exfoliate and limit how much i sweat in the following 72 hours either
I just go to town with a Gillette fusion on my junk
I know one person that did it. Broke out on every single hair follicle. Everywhere.
That doesn't sound pleasant. Do you know how he did the waxing? 
 Honestly don't know anything more. Sorry, man. I just know he got it professionally done for his competition and it was gruesome about 3 days later 
Damn Stan really holds his own next to Shawn
Just loses it in the arm department by a fair margin...
can't unsee the turtle gut
Shawn still crunching his abs in that pose as if he doesn't have a fucking huge gut. Modern bodybuilding in a nutshell. 
don't know why you're being downvoted, his gut sticks out farther than his chest 
Idk jay cutler has a lot of shoes dex made a pretty bold statement about his Js 
There's always some random people in that gym that could just sign up at any other gym and be unremarkable.
Who is the guy who's spotting him and coaching him? Ive seen that dude in other fitness celebrities videos eg Steve.
Charles Glass.
Lmao what
It was supposed to be a new copypasta but i guess not enough people saw it when this comment was made on levrones IG
This is epic
Sheeshkabhom, my favorite variety of kebab. 
I hope this becomes a copypasta
I'm on it
I got shit downvoted abort mission
You're doin it wrong my man
I refuse to look at this picture without music.
Lmaoooo
He said before the Olympia that this would be his last contest and he didn't place. And now hes saying that he will compete in 2017, what will he do if he doesn't place in 2017 either? I just hope he stays healthy and injury free
You think the Olympia will invite him again? Or make him go through the same process as everyone else?
Hes gonna have to qualify
I thought the rule in Olympia is if you are a past winner you auto qualify? 
I believe you are correct except Kevin never won
Placing doesn't count then... welp
Top 5 gets you an auto qualify just for the following year,
if placing was enough for auto qualify there would be a shitton of people there lol
Coleman comeback lets go
They will let him compete just for the exposure. The publicity from the Olympia that just passed was a gold mine for them. 
That's not how it works but ok
We can see Kevin
Proportionally
I swear there was a video posted on here of him squatting?
Yeah only 315x20 which is nothing for an Olympia competitor.
I'm certain a week or two ago Kevin posted and said he's squatting again, getting stronger and his legs are finally growing..
Lol why would he say he hasn't trained legs when he literally posted a video of him doing legs 2 weeks prior?  The insecurity of bodybuilders. 
He benches 4 plates like it's nothing,  in that video he was squatting 3 plates. To him I guess that's not training legs,  he was training calfs. 
Well it's pretty obvious, he didn't really need to say it 
It shows.
Hes fullllll of shit. He went from saying he was healed and back at it to saying he hasnt trained them now.  Because he knows they looked terrible (realtive to what he's trying to aim for, which is mr. Olympia level)  At this point he is just trying to stay in the scene to scrape some low hanging endorsement deals or something.
Or he took a video of him squatting and the next day said "fuck I'm not ready" and has not squatted since.  Not saying you're right or wrong. 
I have a lot of respect for Kevin, he's a living legend but the hype has gone after the Olympia.... I'm not saying trying this hard to make a great comeback will affect his legacy, but it won't help either.
He spelled Dr Seid wrong
me neither
Did he delete the post?
Sure did
Obviously.
Didnt he have an injury holding him bacm from training legs?
Maybe he should learn how to spell before learning how to squat again.
I think that r/bodybuilding found it's new Steve Cook. I'm not complaining, I actually think it makes a lot more sense...
This dude is 10x better looking than Steve.
I'm gayer for Chris than you
And only 21
Steve is a bitch compared to this unit, he went full beta as of late 
My love for Steve is dying
Where is this from again? Youtube comment right?
Seen it on YouTube and here. I think it started on YouTube 
His hair looks dumb though
In all seriousness, Steve has some nice hair..
Steve and Saiyan Joffrey were GOAT hair
I'd include John Skywalker and Zyzz in that personally
And that cute lisp.....n..nohomo
First of all how dare you
 Man I love showering. If I'm not feeling clean I can't have a good workout / day / whatever. Sometimes I like to shower right before the gym so I feel nice and fresh doing my lifties instead of grimey and with stanky gooch. 
I wipe till all I see is red, buddy. No need to tell me to wipe. Man, I wipe to excess. It's clean as a mattress store down there. 
Not a fan of sharing showers. It's like switching off in a 1 person hot tub.
Yeah I usually shower before the gym too. Considering I've made a shit ton of bros at the gym, I want to be clean when I go there.
I've also smelled a lot of people at the gym that give a pretty bad first impression to the nostrils.
Lifties
Buy buy buy "lifties" meme stock is relatively unknown. ...will explode soon.  Start dumping food terminalogy memes...outdated for the current market 
"Dude, you are 21. Slow down on roids before your Dick turns into a vagina" i hate everyone 
Cmon though, getting roided to the balls at 21 is undeniably a shitty idea.
Not as shitty and pissing your life away with alcohol or other narcotics   and there are MANY ways to recover if you decide to ever come off..  Those outliers that supposedly "fuck themselves up" were handed the unlucky card when it comes to genetics or where just plain idiotic in the first place and took no precautions 
There is middle ground, you know
true, I use too many generalizations  but the original comment here is already assuming the utter worst saying being on gear at 21 is a shitty idea 
There's gotta be some repercussions down the road. I don't care what anyone says taking that much will do some damage to your body. 
Kidneys, heart, and liver can get pretty shafted depending on what you're taking.
Haha dammit I was about to post that. I don't understand how people can be that fucking stupid. 
Excuse my ignorance but can you explain. Why do people think your dick shrinks from using steroids?
If I looked like that I would do enough gear so my dick turned into a vagina because I would really want to fuck myself. 
But I would. 
Alright fair enough
I thought I was the only one having these thoughts.
How the fuck is showering confusing? The gym has showers. You're at the gym every day.   Hell, there's nothing better short of getting a nut than a post workout  shower. It refreshes and resets. 
Prep brain most likely kicking in
I hate having to carry all my shower shit and then carry around wet shower shit afterwards. I just wait till I get home personally.
His legs are amazing
Relatable lmao 
Well he does look dry.
Chris Bumstench
I don't see why this is hard. Just shower at night before you go to bed. 
Don't sweat in your sleep or lay on your nuts 7 hours in a row I guess.
Varies. Even on side risks that though. Shit I don't want to know where they end up when I'm sleeping on my back even.
That left nipple is trying to hide.
Makes me happy to see he has that same weird bullshit going on at the bottom of one of his pecs like me.
Am I the only one who thinks BB's look worse when painted? I get I can't see that secret vein or that muscle doesn't pop. But aesthetically it's better unpainted. 
Stinky ass clown
dudes 21, time to run year long tren blast 2k17 whatever it takes to be jacked
Tmw I just turned 21 and this guy makes me look like a middle schooler
am i the idiot or is OP referencing just looking dirty, not actually holding off on a shower...
You must be a really newbie on bodybuilding. In the front lat spread no matter how huge your traps are they are going to disappear. From the other pictures of him that I can see, his traps are normal sized.
On a lean bulk, if you binge one day and overshoot calories, do you guys usually even it out by eating less calories the next few days?
I hope you are kidding. 
No brah, get those packs of oreos and start eating
Entemans donuts on sale at publix for bogo.  RIP any core definition I have left.
I figured they were made regionally like most baked goods.  And winter is high time for donuts...especially the chocolate covered variety.
They are made regionally but chances are the "region" is a lot larger than you might think.   Where I work, (southern Ky), we serve as far north as Quebec on some products. 
Then you don't know the greatness that is the PubSub.  In hindsight, you may be the lucky on here...
Lean bulk is what naturals do if they don't want to get fat.
No, just get back on track. 
Nah just keep on keeping on.  It should be a rate enough occurance that our makes no practical difference.
I usually have to force feed myself on a bulk, but if I do manage to over eat one day I just won't force feed myself as much the next day.
I'm not sure why everyone's response has been to advise against this. Macros over the course of a week matter more than the daily values, so yes ideally this is exactly what you should do. It's not a big deal though really.
Well you wouldn't adjust the calories for a whole week. You'd adjust them for the next day, presumably, to the same extent that you overate the previous day. I don't think it's all that difficult to do no matter how new you are.  I mean fair enough you're never going to get it perfect, but you're going to get it closer to perfect if you at least aim for the right thing, instead of, as you seem to be advocating, deliberately getting your calories wrong because it's not worth the effort.
If your tdee is 2500, and you are doing a slow bulk at say... 2750  That's a 250 surplus, half a pound per week.  So say one day you have an extra 350cal snack that puts you at 3100 for the day. Not unheard of right? Shit happens.  So you are advocating that the next day, the right thing to do, would be to drop to 2400 calories, and actually be in a slight (100cal) deficit?   That makes zero sense.  If you are going to try to grow, try to fucking grow.   Stay in the surplus, over the course of the week that 350 extra calories will only add up to an additional 50 cals per day, will be only 0.1 pound, and if you are working hard in the gym it very well could mostly all be gained as  LBM anyway 
Absolutely nobody agrees with you. Your arguments are just silly. Stop being defensive, take the advice and move on. 
Thats completely unrelated to this entire thread.
What? I don't want to start creating bad feeling with this, but if you don't see the connection between my comment and the topic your reading comprehension has failed you. Explain why an argument for counting calories weekly rather than daily is unrelated to a debate over whether to count them weekly or daily?
I think you both make sense... I think what's more important to a newbie is that he commit to a diet plan (and contingency plans) he can stick with indefinitely. And we can't really give specific advice like that to a stranger on the internet without knowing his personality.
If it's only one day, just go back to your goal intake.
Nah just use those extra calories to go harder the next day. Hit some phat pr's  
Lol one day of binging is not enough to make someone hit prs.
Also, would it be possible to add some accessories to Saturday , like side delts, arms, abs and calves ?
Jim is one bright dude. If you're strapped for time then his approach is spot on. Give it a go and find out for yourself. Nothing to it but to do it.
2 suns is 3 day? Wtf my version of 2suns is 5 day... Dont get me wrong it's amaing but r fitness doesn't have a 3 day link. Hell sometimes if kill for a 3 day bc im to busy 
There's a 4, 5, and 6 day version. 
Where would I find those versions. I dont see it in r fit wikj
Shit thatnks. Whenever I search I get deleted.posts or nothing. Thank you 
Thank you. I will give the 3x a week a shot during midterms, and once  I have more time switch to another program.
Worked for me thus far. 
What are the best blogs/resources out there for intermediate/advanced BBers?
Jeff Nippard is always posting great, in depth videos about BBing on Youtube. As well as the 3DMJ team.
strengththeory.com
This is literally the best site about lifting. Gnuckols is the fucking man.
Just signed up and started getting emails. Fucking sick info
Jamie Lewis had a really good one, but he hasn't been active in a while that I've noticed.  Guy's training tips are unorthodox but legit.  Used his Apex Predator Diet for a while and the results were decent, but I got impatient and switched to an overblown full on dirty bulk.
That's the one.  He did post some stuff on FB a while back, but just about everything is on his CnP blogspot post.  He also has some books.
Books? Woo I'm getting them all now. Thanks for the info.
Sure thing man.
Tren hard enough and anyone can make it...or get calf implants and fake it
What are your injuries? Back injuries disappeared for me when I learned how to deadlift properly. I'm not saying you do or don't. But I noticed that made a world of difference in and out of the gym. Lost them out worth the best description you have. Most long time lifters will have at least shared one injury with you and we may be able to help you out 
My injuries are lower back as well as mild shoulder issues.   Deadlifting is my favorite lift. I definitely still round my back and feel like I'm not making good enough progress or injuring myself because of it. I'm using Romanians as well to try to fix form as well as strengthen posterior chain.   
Planks are definitely good and virtually eliminated my back pain. When you can do planks for 3-4 sets of 90 seconds, I'd recommend putting a weight on your lower back/butt to make it more difficult. I lay on my stomach, put it on, then push myself up into position. It can be a bit awkward at first but you get used to it. Ab wheel rollouts are also good and train anti-extension like the plank.  I'd also recommend stretching out your hip flexors. Do the lunge stretch and focus on squeezing your abs as well as the glute of your back leg.  This is just general advice for lower back pain. Without an in-person consultation there's no way to know for sure what's causing it. But you can't go wrong with anti-extension exercises and stretching your hip flexors. Some hip thrusts might be a good idea if you have weak glutes, too.
What's your reasoning for the change?
I was 180 at 19bf. I measured it wirh caliper. By 4th week people noticed a big change. I'm not sure what week jm on now 5th or 6th maybe and I look good. People at work said you...you.m.look healthier. My parents were shocked when they saw me. I eat 1700 CALs a day. If I'm going to a big dinner then I skip lunch and have a tiny 40g oatmeal breakfast. I run 2suns LP. In 4 weeks I lost 5lbs. I weight 175 now. Not sure on body fat. No cardio just diet and 2 suns
FWIW, you can cut 2 lbs/week safely no problem.
Yeah I've always done it wrong, I used to be super overweight and lost it all eating about 1500 calories a day and running a lot..  Now I'm weight training I've bulked up 30lbs and am going for a cut. I've calculated around 2700 calories to lose 1lbs a week which is working. Just feels weird eating so much to lose weight.  My failed attempts usually were 1700 calories a day and I just looked the same at a lower weight.   Hopefully this one works 
Are you tracking macros? Do you generally eat the majority of your calories before or after your workout?
Hey man, yeah I'm tracking 1g per bw lbs. 90g fats, rest carbs. I try and eat my carbs first thing in the morning before I train and then directly after I train. (May be broscience but I find that easy)   calories are still spread throughout the day. 
90 seems high?  That's just over the 0.4g/lb reccomendation at his current BW that i've seen thrown around regularly.
About 270 carbs. I only drink water at the moment. And not really any alcohol (zero in the last 3 months)
Probably more suitable for the training thread but fuck it, for face-pulls how should my hands be gripping the rope? Palms up/palms down/ etc... I just can't seem to get the exercise to feel 'right'
are triceps push or pull? same for biceps
Hope you don't mind me asking, but what's wave loading?
I agree with u/feakwaggot.  Deloads are not necessary that often. I only deload every six weeks if I am on a crazy hard powerlifting schedule. Bodybuilding is easier on the body than that too.
i feel like deloading every 4th week is far ti frequent 
Haven't looked at their program, but during heavier training blocks I often take a volume deload in the form of training 3 days instead of 5, but I go hard as fuck and usually hit PR's.  
I've always just dloaded whenever I felt it was necessary. Usually stalling for 2 or more weeks. And even then it wasn't my first option.   If you can go without a deload, may as well. No point in taking it and wasting time you could be using to get bigger. Just listen to your body and see what feels right. At the intermediate level you should be able to feel these things out. 
just my opinion 
How much volume is too much volume?
i go 7x a week but always have a minimum of two days rest between muscle groups but i was worried i was still over training.  Can i use this comment to relieve me of worrying? because i haven't once had to limit myself due to sore muscles. 
When people say so and so has a small waist or a 29 inch waist, where this is number coming from? Pant size?
Can someone provide links to videos on proper bench/ dumbbell exercise form for chest to avoid shoulder and back pains?
Google, YouTube, BB.com are all littered with this info.
exactly theres tons of awful videos 
If your shoulders are hurting, you are probably flaring your elbows too much.
Barbell OHP is way better than DB in my opinion.  But that's preference. Everything else looks very standard. Standard is good.
I dont quite understand. That doesnt looking like 5/3/1 with backoff sets to me.
Am I wasting calories by chugging a 670cal protein shake? Should i take it slow? It tastes like shit so i just like to get it over with. 
Lol what do your mean by wasting calories 
That was poorly worded, sorry. I meant to ask am i going to digest less of it since i am chuggin 24oz at once, or will i digest the nutrients totally regardless of how quickly i drink it? 
You'll get it all don't worry 
If you were swallowing solid foods whole, then you may be wasting some calories as they wont all digest fully. That's why we chew food, then it gets broken down in your digestive system, it makes it easier for our body to absorb the nutrients.   A liquid is already in the most easily absorbed form. So, no, you are not wasting calories. 
Is that true? Do you have a source? Not saying I don't believe you, I've just never heard of that and I'm a pig who sometimes swallows before he chews enough.
Guess I should start chewing more. Thanks for the info.
What have you been doing? Just eating grape fruit whole?
If I work out legs on a Monday than take Tuesday off will all the protein I eat go to my legs? If I worked out my chest on Tuesday would a post workout shake and chicken sandwich be split between my legs and chest?
It doesnt quite work like that. Working one body part isnt going to leech gains from another, nor does the protein you eat get directly funneled into your muscles. If youre eating enough protein, your body will have enough resources to repair itself. 
Felt a pop in my sternum area back in June, and I tried ice/ibuprofen and taking a break from lifting for two weeks. Still felt a lingering pain/tightness while lifting. So, I ended up going to the doctor and a physical therapist who diagnosed me w/costochondritis. It's supposed to be better in about 2-4 months if I lay off chest work. This is limiting what I can do at the gym, but I'm able to focus on legs and arms, which might have been lacking. Anyone trained with this injury before? 
Basically same thing (pectoral strain consistent with symptoms of costochondritis). Nothing chest related for months. Some movements may also cause your chest to involuntarily flex and depending on how bad it is, you won't be able to do them. Take the break. If you feel any hint of a flare up stop. I lifted through the lingering pain/tightness and I couldnt do chest for 6 months. It sucked. 
Good luck man. I'm sorry to hear it happened.
go to the doctor 
I will see a physical medicine and rehab doc if the treatment plan of 2-4 months doesn't return me to my previous health.
I am currently deployed to the Middle East and have been doing SL 5x5s for the 3 weeks I've been here. I have a lot more excess time over here and while Im making good gains with SL I am wondering if I should switch to something that has you going to the gym more than 3 days a week. Just want to make the best use of my time over here. 
If you have time, then why not change to a PPLPPL split? 
PPLPPLR, or PHAT
you could try phul or a ppl, both are definitely better for bodybuilding purposes 
How do I get rid of shoulder pain when barbell benching?   I always warm up, stretch, foam roll, warm up with weight. Still I get pain in the top of my left shoulder when doing anything above 135. My max was 205 but due to shoulder pain I haven't been benching for 3 weeks and it's gone down a lot.   I guess I should see a doctor or something, but I really feel like there's something I'm fucking up that I can fix myself. 
Are you retracting your scapula and packing your shoulders back?
Yep 
proper form, ytwls, see a pt 
My forearms/grip is failing me on deadlifts. I'm definitely going to start doing forearm exercises but should I get straps? My deadlift is rather weak and most people wouldn't need to use straps at this point. Would it be better for me to just stay at this weight and add more as my grip improves or get the straps and make sure to do forearm work on the side?
are you doing doh? if so switch to mix grip or a hook grip and also get chalk 
I would submit a form check first or have someone knowledgeable check it for you at the gym. If you find there are no other weak points or flaws in your form besides grip then it could be beneficial to use straps so you can continue to work your posterior chain to the max once your grip gives out. 
Don't let your grip hinder your deadlift.  Get straps.  Also don't neglect your forearms/grip strength.  Train it seperate in addition to your DL's.  
Fairly new to bodybuilding. Every bodybuilder I see has a huge fucking house. How much money is there in bodybuilding? How much do you win for a big national show vs a smaller regional one?
yeah there's a bias here. Every bodybuilder you see is a successful bodybuilder. 
How do you deal with assymetrical/imbalances muscles caused by scoliosis?
i guess fixing thw scoliosis would help, probably something to ask your doctor 
What are some good BB podcasts?
MindPump is my favorite. A lot of guys like Bodybuilding Nerds too, but I haven't really gotten hooked on that one as much.
Replacements for pullovers for chest day?  I'm using DLTBB's program, and he has dumbell pullovers as the fourth chest exercise of each chest day.  I've been trying them for a few weeks now and I just don't like the movement, it hurts one of my shoulders and I have poor MMC on it.  Right now the chest day program is bb bench, dips, flyes / cable crossovers / pullovers.  Recommendations for a fourth movement?
make a weight gaining shake ice cream milk protein  peanut but oats olive oil  or 70/30 ground beef with lots of sauces 
I know it's Wednesday now but hopefully someone sees this, is it normal for my seated dumbell shoulder press to be heavier than my SOP? by about 15 lbs and more reps on seated 
is sop seated over head press? usually your barbell movements will be heavier but dumbell doesnt have as good of a rom so it can let you go heavier 
Sorry that's Standing Overhead Press, I'll have to work on my form a bit with it so I can start pushing more weight 
squeeze the glutes
Looks ok, but seems unusual to have written out A and B days with almost no differences other than grip-width on curls and the behind the neck press. Maybe try front squats on your second leg day instead of back squats and on your second push day do barbell OHP first and then a higher volume bench press.
i forget to say that my main goal is to increase my big 3, so thats why i dont rotate exercises and starting always with bench/squat/deadlift. thanks 
SS your isolation work aka when you do curls or rope pull-downs always do some lateral raises or DB reverse flies. 
any reason for that, except that it saves time? i dont mind having longer gym sessions. thanks
You "can't" do too much shoulder work. Why not use your rest to add a bit more shoulder volume? 
are we eating clean now? I thought the consensus was iifym
We are not a hivemind bro
yes we are
I do both. Basically chicken, ground turkey, rice, sweet potatoes, and eggs. However, I throw some sauce on the chicken and rice, and eat Lucky Charms for breakfast sometimes. If I am craving something, I just make sure it fits my macros.
Your post implys that IIFYM is eating junk all the time. You are not doing both clean eating and IIFYM, you are doing IIFYM. For some weird reason people thing IIFYM is eating whey protein and poptarrs all day (without giving a fuck about micros and fiber).
That's the popular way to think about it currently. I am aware that IIFYM used to be switching bro foods around, but I also live in the current reality.
I have a stupid physique related question. Look, I'm not exactly a bodybuilder - I have somewhat different fitness goals from rfitness and rloseit. So I'm asking you guys because you're more interested in transformations.   My main interest is in losing weight for getting into the music / entertainment industry so instead of going to a BMI of 18ish I am interested in a narrow, low bodyfat look. I am a blocky, androgynous looking woman at a "normal" 17/18 BMI, who looks much bigger than that. Moreover, I am trying to reduce my usage of unhealthy and unproductive weight loss habits (crash diets).    When people cut to what is considered underweight, do they typically get a "leggier" look with longer legs, arms and fingers and a shorter torso? I understand that bulking reduces lankiness in bodybuilders and broadens the shoulders. I am looking toward the opposite effect to get narrower shoulders and a shorter apparent torso length.   I am wondering what experiences everyone has with this topic. Thanks.   If you're wondering why I'm going for a radically skinny look - I have connections in the alt modeling and entertainment industry in my area - a lot of my friends are photographers or run agencies / magazines.   I have friends who are Industry professionals - actors, dancers, models and musicians from youth. When I sit next to the ones who are my height and weight, it's like a night and day difference. I'm a head taller and my shoulders are bony monsters. 
Yup. I am all about crushing limitations especially ones that people say are biological. Every time I see someone thinner than me I strive to lose more weight. 
If you have a ton of fat in your upper body around your shoulders then I assume they'll look less broad.  Losing wieght won't change your proportions at all. You'll just lose fat. So look at where you carry fat and just imagine what it would be like if there was less of it? That's really all you can do.  You might lose fat in your butt so you'll look a little shorter when you sit, but I'm not sure how dramatic that will be. The only way to really know is lose weight.  And no, losing weight will not get you longer legs, arms, fingers, or a shorter torso at all.
My BMI is not high, so I am working toward very marginal changes here (current 17 working toward 15).   I'll try to lose the hard fat in my upper body area. I didn't see much change in the upper body between BMI 21 and 17, just slimmer legs.   I'm still seeing the big, dinosaur ribs on my side and on my back - many of my working model and actor friends don't even have visible ribs on their chests much less backs, but they are much thinner than I am.   Maybe I'll work toward a narrower illusion by getting my arms and legs as skinny as possible. 
To be honest with you, it sounds like you have a very distorted and very unhealthy body image. You are underweight already and still picking yourself apart and talking about dropping to a size that is legitimately dangerous.   The best advice I can give you is that I think you should see a professional who can help you sort out those issues. I dont mean you any offense in saying that, but I think you do need help.
I'm fine. thanks. 
Your mindset sounds kind of unhealthy and I hope you know you can't spot reduce fat (without liposuction), you just lose it everywhere. I think you would be better off asking these questions in a modeling or acting subreddit.  The way you hold fat is predetermined by genetics. Sorry, but you're not going to change your build.  And a BMI of 15 is incredibly unhealthy. Please see a therapist if you have that serious of body image issues. No one here is going to support you losing more weight if you're already at 17.  You're definitely in the wrong subreddit for this. I'm sure that if you posted photos no one here would consider you fat. Get help before you fuck your body up.
Thanks. I'm going to ask pro sites like Model Mayhem.   BMI 15 is average for models. 17/18 is considered high in our world. Maybe our goals are somewhat different. It's about my career, not "body image issues". 
Just because it's average for models doesn't mean it's healthy. I think modeling is disgusting, but then again most people think bodybuilders are, which is why we hang out at our respective subreddits. Not many people here will be understanding of your goals, but I do understand that some people have body goals that are completely outside of the norm. Good luck with your modeling career.
Alright. Thanks. It's also very hard for me to find information - I don't want to bother people with eating disorders since I am looking for a healthy and sustainable weight loss process. I also feel odd at mainstream acting / modeling sites because almost everyone in my height range does "glamour" (Maxim, Playboy etc.) 
Alright, thanks. I hope I can get as thin as these people soon. This journey seems like it never ends. I'm into getting a gracile physique as described on anthro boards. But my body's like it's made of dinosaur parts. I wonder if underweight hyperrobust would look semi gracile with a lot of work. 
Anyone have a good workout/ diet plan for a guy trying to go from gym bro, to physique competitor. i find that most plans out their are created by someone not natty, and bc i'm staying natty i feel that don't work the best for me  
The only time being natty matters is in diet. 
In what ways are the diets different?
You are able to metabolize more on gear 
phul/ppl. steroids dont mean someone cant write a good program 
Ahh the old "just look at him" argument almost as scientific as "everybody knows that".
Why measure when you can just look?
I don't think Arnold's were ever 22".
probably 22 in 1974, but i think he mostly floated around 21, 21.5
Arnold 19.5
I remember hearing Arnold say that he felt bad for Ferrigno because his arms looked smaller than Arnold's (despite being actually bigger) due to Ferrigno being taller. 
Story of my life
Sergio. Many of the magazines inflated Golden Era bber's measurements back then to make them sound more impressive too.
Sergio Olivia for sure  
Biggest I'm not sure but best was Arnold
Any other answer than Paul Dillett is wrong.
I thought of it the other way, Dallas putting flex into perspective, Flex not looking small at all compared to Dallas which is crazy.
Doesn't look like an 80lb difference to me tbh
They've both left humanity behind
Maybe I'm crazy and have a poor grasp of the english language, but I'm pretty sure your intended meaning is exactly what OP's original comment means. So basically, with no perspective everyone agrees Dallas looks huge. But with Flex there to put him into perspective, he doesn't look as big. Flex holds his own.   Side note - Dallas is one ugly ass mother fucker. 
I think the wording would generally be expected to be positive, there for look how big dalas is, not that you're wrong.
After rereading the title I agree with your proficiency of the English language 
Is Matt Damon really 6 ft?
Flex has some huge fucking hands
I shook his hand once, soft pillow hands
hes got some huge fucking everything  
Balls?
well considering hes a body builder his dick probably hangs lower than the balls
Flex's forearms tho
They're both huge...
Tell that to Christian Guzman,he'll outangle you in a heartbeat.
The only perspective I have is that they're both huge.
5'11 and 6ft
get olivier richters in the pic
Are they playing rock paper scissors?
They're both trying to out angle each other lmao
Flex's arms are basically the same size and the guy gets down to 212 lul
He's mr 212 Olympia for a reason
Which is why I smh when people (fanboys) say Heath would dwarf him. 
Dallas, why a fist, though? Are you a mixed martial artist from 2006?
Why is it always the butt-ugliest dudes that have to be the absolute biggest? Extra-chromosome looking fucks.
Holy fuck that V taper... 
Those shoulder pads
Ayy fellow dutchie, alles goed?
Hey kerel, zeker weten met jou ook? Ben net klaar met legday, jij nog getraind?
Oeps inbox gemist. Had gister chest day gedaan, helemaal zuur nu. Waar kom je vandaan dan? Ikzelf Leiden.
Almere bij hardcore gym zwaar train ik. 
Hahaha, sowieso
Ganz meine Rede.
The weird thing is despite his veins popping out of his back, he is still lacking the back separation he should be aiming for. 
What separation? That visible "line" across your back where the lat ends?
Holy FUCK I have never seen anything like that. That taper and vascularity what the shit 
Im a bodybuilder. So this looks fucking awesome to me
I feel like you missed the subreddit your in, brah. Lol
Most people here say things like this look like shit. Too "freaky" 
Because a large part of this sub is DYEL. 
Yup. Thats why im downvoted. Even the physique guys have veins. Yea the varicose is pretty gross but whatever
The only thing people are complaining about are the varicose veins. I'd love to have a vascular back, but not with those spider web veins lol
Wtf.  Im sure the dude doesnt want varicose veins, they can be inherited.  He cant really change that unless he went to go get surgery.
I never said he did. I'm saying that the OP lauded this as a sort of body goal when most people don't want the varicose veins. 
That's fucking sick. I have like 2 1/2 veins on my back and I wish it looked like that now 
That is not even remotely healthy vascularity. 
No shit.  I wasn't talking about healthy in that respect. I meant the vascularity isn't one to admire or desire as it is varicose. They cause big problems when they're abundant like that.
Check out those calf veins
OK wow how can his back be that full and thick, I'm questioning ao much right now....
that neck vein wtf
his rear delt literally merged with his rhomboid
I love the look of real vascularity, but this seems to be mainly varicose veins.   Terrible
It's like he's got vascularity but isn't lean...
Yes but not on a back
imagine what his wiener looks like
Err day is back day, but definitely not leg day.
What a butterface
wonder what his blood pressure is. also,looks like he skipped leg day. 
....that's steroids right? ... That has to be roids... Right? Lol
The fact that you felt the need to ask this tells me you shouldt be here. ..
I am trying to learn bud... Instead of telling me I don't belong, how's about just answering my question?
Yes he Is very clearly on steroids, there's few things I have ever seen where someone looks like they're on gear more than this.  As for you asking to learn, that's reasonable, I only responded that way since this sub should be about bb but gets flooded with noobs and it can dilute the quality quite a bit.
First of all, it's my opinion but if you think his lower body matches his upper body then more power to you.
You think someone cares about health here?
doing legs is bad for your health?
You mentioned blood pressure as if someone cared about health kek
May amaze you but there are some thoughtful redditers in this section.
Back to 2007scape 
thanks. After seeing this I stand by my original statement. Sick upper body, good legs but they don't match the upper body.
Go on his insta and check his other pics. Man has legs. 
Even with the shorts it doesn't look like his legs are proportionately developed.
Are we looking at the same guy? Those calves without the legs to match?
calves look good but with those lats would expect some serious sweep on the thighs. Either way, the back is impressive. I just aim for proportion.
I'm finally starting to like the chest, arms, back, and shoulders in the mirror, but hating that I'm looking fat again in the belly. At least I'm no longer a complete T-rex.
Scale hasn't budged in like 3 weeks, so I'm adding 200 calories a day for my bulk (2200 kcal/day.. am 5'4 128lb grill). What are your favourite high carb low(er) fat snacks on a bulk???
More rice
Why lower fat? Healthy fats are great for gains 
Asked a legit question in the AmA n she danced around it. Pretty bummed 
Who?
I feel like I smell so bad at the gym. I can smell me. And If I can smell me, then all the qts I never talk to can smell me.
Try not to smell. Switch Deodorants. Shower more. Put on deodorant before going to sleep. And shower.   Also, wash your fucking clothes
agreed, also trim body hair it retains stench, try to clean up the diet
I was told I needed to go see my Doc. I don't have any pics to post of it.
cool story. Have fun at the doc's
working up to a set of 1x5 315 then dropping down and doing 5x10... my lower back feels pumped just thinking about that..   As for the elbow thing, I had that issue as well. Usually flares up when I get loose with my form and my elbows are a little flared behind me or move (forward or backward) during squat.  
So I'm finding out that I can't cum more than once a day while cutting. like 6 hrs after some one-on-one time and it was just not happening with the girl last night. 
Make sure you eat some eggs after that first go
Well I'm on a cut so maybe only 20 a day will do.
My class had presentations today and this dude went up to present and I was like holy fuck this guy is looking huge, how did i not notice him I thought I was the biggest in this class. I look up his name and he's a freaking WBFF pro. I couldn't believe it.
This half squatting moron took the leg press I was on after I got up to get a tissue to wipe it down. I was gone for around 30 seconds and he was already in the machine. All of my shit was there. There was no way he could have known I had finished. Common courtesy is lost in some people. 
I had my gym bag at the head of a flat bench along with the weights at the base after finishing a set I went to go get some water. Come back and there's a dude sitting on my bench doing curls... 
piss on the equipment before leaving, nobody will take it because they'll see you are a fucking Alpha.
I love you all. Hope you have a nice day. 
I aint your pal, dude
If you ain't murican you must be a damn commy 
Canadian bro. C7s, c8s and c9s.  Maybe some bigger stuff too.
If you're Army go after the Marksmanship Unit. You'll get to build sniper rifles all day long and when you're done with your time you'll be able to turn it into a very lucrative business.
similar situation as a programmer, but I've got no idea what else I'd like to do other than music. Can't quit my job and make money off that unfortunately.
Yea but are you making money?
Yes.  A little less, but I get waaay better benefits and pension.  Also, I'm much happier.
I don't trust pensions too sketchy  Would rather have a 401 and dictate what I do 
Exact same situation, engineering degree, hate job everyday. I quit, finishing next week to become a line mechanic
Accidentally started a cut by being sick  Lost seven pounds but my obliques show through quite alright  Unfortunately it made me notice how skinny my legs are  Guess I'm training for physique now...
I need to quit taking huge shits in my downstairs toilet because it clogs so easily.  And here I am, taking a huge shit in my downstairs toilet.
Seriously what is it with downstairs toilets, have to remember to flush half-way.
Taking 2 days off. Felt completely burnt out today, couldn't concentrate at all and all my mates said I looked terrible even though I had 9 hours of good sleep.  
Don't know your age, but us older guys especially need a deload week (or, gasp, a week off every now and then).  I just schedule a deload week every 4 weeks, and keep moving from there.  Helps my recovery, gives small injuries some healing time, and gets me mentally and physically ready to get back to high volume/frequency training.    My problem is, by the time I start feeling what you describe, I feel like hell.  So I try to preempt that feeling.
tfw 19
How is your diet?  How is your hydration?  How is your sleeping space (light, comfortability, temperature)?  How are your stress levels from external sources? 
I'm pretty solid all round which is why I'm so confused by it.
Take a deload week, it works
2nded, it really does. Just did one last week and am back to my old self this week and breaking a few PRs.  I go by how I feel but I need to do this every 6-8 weeks or so.
flush the toilet half way through your shit
Interesting advice thanks for that 
He totally meant to post this on the comment above yours, but this is hilarious
I love it when stuff like this happens
You missed
So do strength athletes usually have a slightly higher blood pressure? I've started testing mine just to see how I'm doing. I'm 20 and healthy but I always fall in the pre-hypertensive range.
I used to. Started doing more cardio. It is now like 126/68 instead of the 136/68 it used to be. Could just be random time of days or Dr office vs Safeway testing. 
That's about how I am, my systolic is always high but my diastolic is always under. I'll start doing more cardio
Could be diet related ir genetic. I have great BP but do regular cardio and not too much sodium/hella water
I might do cardio twice a week, but my diet is pretty good. Sodium is just right but I need to make a point to drink more water. I think I get just enough. It's probably genetic though, my mom's dad and grandfather both passed away due to heart issues. Who knows
Mine has consistently been 112/70-120/70 for the last 10 years or so. It may have something to do with carrying extra body fat around.  I don't do any cardio, just lift heavy. And Test-C. Also that.
It sounds like yours is pretty good actually. I'm concerned for if/when I go on cycle what it'll do to me. I'm sure I can control it, though.
Anyone done canditos advanced bench program?   I'm 3 week in and i hate it, it's so boring, my bench seems to not be increasing as fast as i could do with my "own" program either..
Just trying to increase increase your bench? That looks like a beginner-intermediate program for someone who has a shit bench press.   Best way to put plates on the bar are linear progression programs like mad cow 5x5 that you grind out over several months/indefinitely.
Where are your shoulders at?
Front delts are huge compared to my other muscle groups. A strong point together with back and legs.  
You considered 5/3/1?
How about boring but big
There are all different versions of 5/3/1   One that includes quite a bit of accessory work that YOU choose.
I did his whole program and everything went up a decent amount. I was coming off a hip injury so Squat n Dead were lower than ever, but it definitely helped my bench as well
This is a specific benching program
Yea it worked really well for me. Got my 1rm to 3 or 4 i think by the end.
how long was the cycle?
Great to hear, lets see how this goes then.
I forgot to mention that I actually skipped the tricep and chest accessories and it still worked.
Killed DLs this AM 255 4x10. Super fast off the floor and just banged em out quick.. then the gym manager comes over and tells me I need to wear shoes... fml
Check out big 5?
Tell him you'll wear shoes if he wears a diaper.
Don't take it any more.  No fucking clue what could be doing it. Could be a number of things and/or a reaction with another medication.
hmmm ...  I literally take NO medication ...    
Could be a couple of things- how late do you eat before bed? Do you take any other supplements with ZMA? What brand of ZMA do you use and how much is the dosage of zinc?   ZMA really started working for me when I stopped eating late at night and taking it by itself on an empty stomach. Aim for around 30 mg zinc . Might also want to look at your surroundings and make sure it's dark in your room. 
Both attempts I tossed 3 pills down the gullet with water and then went and laid down ... normally I'm out within 15-20 minutes ... but as I lay there I could feel myself getting 'tense/jittery'.  Brand is ON's ZMA, has 10mg Zinc per pill.  I had a pint of Arctic Zero perhaps 30 minutes prior ...
I use the same brand haha so I don't know what to tell you. Probably the ice cream?
ok ...  that will be my experiment tonight ... will make sure to not have anything to eat a couple hours prior to bed - although, that kinda sucks ...
Maybe they put caffeine pills in the wrong jar.
holy shit - that has actually crossed my mind ... because it'sa capsule with white powder ...  looks VERY similar to my caffeine pills
I've had a couple nights when I first started it where I didn't feel sleepy. Not Jittery, but I remember laying in bed confused why I didn't want to sleep. 
crazy ... I didn't use it Tuesday night.  Had no problems sleeping.  I used it Wednesday night - same fucking issue.  And I was up and down ALL night.  Didn't use it last night, slept like a baby.  Seems ZMA is not for me.  
Get more confident  Get a PHD in quantum mechanics and theoretical physics  Invent time machine, travel back in time and tell your younger self to quit being a little bitch
What about going back in time to kill that guy who stole the bar in order to avoid the situation entirely?
Time traveling casual. Gotta kill one of that guy's parents before they ever meet.
time will fix itself and another douche will steal ur bar
I've read this a couple times today. Every time I thought you were pounding a beer between sets. Was baffled why you'd do that during a workout.    Today I realized I'm a really am an alcoholic
Knowing is half the battle. Ask for help if you need to.  Drinking beer between sets does sound kind of great, though I imagine performance would suffer after a few exercises. 
oh, dude, I've known for a couple years. I luckily have enough discipline I can just not drink for several weeks/months if I choose. And as I get older and drink less, my tolerance drops and the hangover pain increases. That's some positive punishment there.   I stopped in January of this year because of a cut. For three months, everytime I went grocery shopping, I'd stand in the beer aisle debating if it was okay to have one. Then I'd go by the whiskey and think maybe this would be a good alternative. Just one or two shots and call it good. Took another ten minutes to walk away. That's really when I realized my joking about being an alcoholic wasn't actually a joke.   I drink now, but it's like once or twice a month, out for dinner with a friend, and I typically call it at 1 or 2 beers. I got that shit controlled. 
Tfw you think lifting will cure you of being a stuttering autist but it actually makes the problem worse.
How do you guys do cheat meals? do you just have 1 small thing or have a few things and go all out?
Everyone's answer is going to differ here. I usually make a day out of it when I'm cutting hard.
What do you consider cutting hard?
Okay, thanks
I think it's best to have one big cheat meal of whatever you want at night. if you do it in the morning then you'll be inclined to eat like shit the whole day 
i agree with you bro i always have mine at night but i think i need to start having a little bit more 
I have a cheat day, usually Saturday. I realized if I do this, I eat much cleaner and healthier throughout the week just knowing I can go all out on my cheat day. 
My discipline is all or nothing. So I go all out and totally obliterate all of the food.
This sub is ruining my social skills. Got into the office this morning, put down my stuff, and went to the break room to heat up my breakfast (egg muffins, couscous, veggies). Made small talk with everyone in the break room, said the usual "good morning"s to everyone. Food was done, grabbed it out of the microwave, and as I'm walking out proceeded to tell everyone to "kill their workouts today." Damn it.
TIL autism is transmitted like an infectious disease
What infectious diseases do you know of that can be transmitted through Reddit?
Cancer for one 
Cringe-itis
And now you're probably going to have a meeting with HR about shaming people cause someone was triggered.
Hell maybe if you're known as the in-shape guy in your office, they will.
Haven't lifted in ten days. Been sick as fuck with bronchitis and finally got some antibiotics and some nasal and inhaler steroids. Hopefully I will be well enough tomorrow to hit a good push day. 
feelsbadman
Decided to wear a stringer with a sweatshirt over to class before the gym. Little did i know its 80 fucking degrees in the middle of October
Do you live in the south? I walked outside this morning and about fucking died it's so hot here. I remember this time last year it was freezing.
Nope. Philly
 Last week I was shivering leaving work, now I'm driving home with the windows open. Wtf philly
Yeah I threw on a hoodie before walking my dog this morning...turned into a nice little sweating session
Something really weird happened today. Went to do DB OHP and the dumbbells smelled like weed. Double checked all my clothing and stuff, none of it smelled. Just the dumbbells and my hands after using them. 
I hope you did 4x20.
When preworkouts stop working for me, I just go off them cold turkey for at least two weeks. No coffee either. Suddenly a half scoop gets me more amped up than what 2 scoops would.
Day 4 of dnp over still didn't feel anything really got a little warmer then usual while doing light cardio just walking on a treadmill for 20 minutes. But other then that nothing out of the ordinary time to start day 5.
How long are u going for? Sounds like itl hit u like a brick tlmorrow
21 days 
increase caps at day 4 to 500mg a day split into 2 doses. That shit will hit quick, by day 7 you'll be a sweaty drippy tired mess.
chinlets BTFO
Dying.
Holy fuck it's a whole other tier of autism
I don't even know if Id have the patience to do something like that. 
And you're doing this because...?
I asked a member if he picked up his 75cents from the desk. He was sitting on a bench and looked terrified. He explained he thought if he was doing his 75set on the bench. We laughed. He joked "I've never done 75 sets of anything, but fuck I'd try it" and now I'm going to.   That is all it takes to get me to do a dumb idea
I have a 4hour gap today. MIght as well
Smashed a girl from the gym last night. Best booty I've ever done business with. Will continue to smash
Mazel tov.
Congrats on the sex bro
Le Chaim. 
You approach her in the gym or outside of it? Always see conflicting advice on here
I didn't approach at all. She DM'd me on insta
Ever since I fixed my Deadlift, my entire back day has been 10x better. All my lifts have gone up like 20lbs and my shoulders joints aren't failing before my back either. 
What changes did you make? Any videos?
No videos, but before,  my legs were a little too wide for standard and too narrow for sumo leaving me in a weaker stance. But mostly it was that my back wasn't very tight and I wasn't "loading" properly. The best cue for me was to bend over with my legs straight like a Romanian Deadlift and then pull my butt down rather then just sitting it down. It really helps me get my lats tighter and it also takes the slack out of the bar. 
There is a guy at my work that looks like a less jacked Steve Cook. All he needs is some muscle and hair gainz.
so he's missing the two things that make Steve so hot?
He has that god like face though.
I did two sets of dips with two 45lbs plates yesterday, feels good.
I have gotten these before, mine were blood pressure related from pushing it hard and not breathing properly. Focus on your breathing and if you feel your neck tightening up slow down some until it subsides. 
Would you suggest just to lay off the gym for a bit and take a pill?
I didn't. If I pay attention to what I'm doing and breathe properly it's not an issue. 
I also had them a couple of times.   The first reason is improper breathing, but it also could be wrong placement of the bar in the back squats. Hydration also helps prevent it.   There is no set limit to rest, but if you feeling yourself okay, you can go and do some light cardio for 15 mins, and if you don't get a headache again, you're good to go. But I'd hold with all heavy lifts that require valsalva breathing for one more week or something. 
They suck ass and i hope you get them since you are being a dick about it.
focus on breathing, and warm up your neck muscles with a towel / lax ball. They suck ass but they will go away.
Just bombed two separate maths exams. I believe it is time to tear life a new asshole and reinvent myself 
race ya
Quit job, dumped girl I was dating and joined a new gym.  I don't even know who I am anymore.
Well hopefully it was all for good reason. Thats a big life change.
Feeling better than ever my dude, actually put the most thought into the change of gym to be honest. Also started my cut today, it's been a big one.
You left your home? What? 
Implying I can look a Steve Cook and not masturbate. 
why do you need to lol just get her to your place and do it?
Is this just someone you know, or actually someone that's shown some interest before. Because that makes a huge difference in the approach. 
My girlfriend for a while
Have you smashed before? If so just grab her and slam her into the bedroom once it starts getting hit and heavy one night. If not, just experiment with your hands during a make out session or something. If she responds well, tell her what you want to do and proceed with the above. 
Walk into the room with no pants. It explains itself.
hahahaha, nah im just looking for a one liner to let her know i want some, something funny and not normally said. This is like a semi-serious post tbh mate.
Actions speak louder than words, just escalate into it
Cringey, done that too 
They also knew that you knew what you were doing. 
That sounds absolutely stupid and probably fools no one. 
"There's that autist in class jiggling his man boobs again" 
Happy birthday bro
Did you smash? 
What you think I am... straight? 
wow, these keep getting upvotes...
He didn't see you compete physique 
Don't compete yet, but if I did it would be physique (sorry for the flair)  I hear /u/dieseltay eats boys like me for breakfast 
Physique competitors are mighty tender
Straight and autistic.  Gay and not autistic.  Choose one 
Yes.
Saved this story from yesterday. So I'm in the university gym benching with some Bros. I'm waiting my turn and this swole bro takes his headphones off and goes "do you really eat 35 eggs a day???". Turns out he posts around here and I recognize his username.   If he wants to out himself, I'll let him tell you what my answer was. 
Are you being serious about the pocket eggs?  What form were they in?  Hardboiled?
Lmao. I sneakily hit a lat pose. Realize my lats are nonexistent and go back to my workout.
I hate old dudes at the gym sometimes. Me asking to work in with your doesn't mean I'm trying to kick you off the piece of equipment you old angry sack of shit. Don't mean mug me and bitch at me when I'm trying to be polite.   /rant 
Asked a pretty strong looking guy waiting for a rack if he wanted to work in on squats before I had loaded anything on and he said no because he probably couldn't push nearly as much as me. Went heavy in honor of that great comment
I want to commit to this bulk until Christmas, but I'm getting fat...  Oh well, 4000 calories and deadlifts today.
Haha same here brother bulking from august-february to 215 lbs, cutting 2 lbs per week from Feb to July. 
I'm in the middle of a July to January bulk. 200-225. Currently sitting at 215. Feel great. Little fluffy but I've already added like 100lbs to my total and strength isn't a main focus. 
You'll eventually be shredded. You can be bigger now. 
I bulked for over 17 months straight. It was totally worth it.  Bigger, stronger, fatter.  In 3 more months I'll be back to as lean as I was 2 years ago, but with 500lb more on my total, and 25lb more lbm  If you don't have a competition coming up I absolutely recommend you keep growing.
Can only get so erect 
This is very reassuring. I'm actually on the 2 Suns 531 program at the moment and have to say, for someone who has never really followed a program, I'm loving it. Getting fat but my lifts are finally getting to be respectable and for a tall guy with long limbs and shitty chest genetics the fact that I'm so close now to hitting 2 plates it pretty great.  
Keep at it bro, I'm 6'4 and have pectus excavatum  (tall with the worst chest)  2 years ago my bench was 155x5 at 270lbs, now it's 315x5 at 230lbs.  Hit those AMRAP'S hard and punish yourself with assistance work.
You're 230 with upper teens bodyfat? Damn I'm sorry buddy, shouldn't have argued with you in the first place
Don't worry about /u/jznb, he's never posted a photo of his physique and is weak AF 
You look terrible and should feel terrible 
Yea, He's mad about being the subject of a thread on fcj  yesterday 
You're gonna be super thrilled for about 5 seconds once you hit 2pl8  But enjoy those 5 seconds because they are fantastic
You've just made me realise I'm chasing PR's for the sake of a 5 second high.   I pulled a 4pl8 deadlift for the first time about 10 days ago. Didn't even high 5 my partner after, I immediately started thinking about 5pl8s.  Same with 2pl8 bench. Even though i was happy hitting the milestone, it just didn't satisfy me.  This shits addictive. 
Its funny how that works out. I was thinking I'd be jazzed about it for longer but because all the guys who spot me or I work in with can bench more than that I still feel pretty subpar  Its easy to forget that relatively speaking 2pl8 is still pretty solid. 
Broke up with the girlfriend of two years about two weeks ago. Bench has gone up about 35-40 pounds. Can almost bench 300 now. Break up gains are real. 
Can we have a thread where we post our strong points and then people recommend a Halloween costume based off of those? 
Yes. Plz someone recommend a good costume for a short, yet strong man.
Asterix
be an egg
lmao I have you tagged as "COLLAPSED LUNG POSSIBLY DYING /R/BB GUY"
What happened? I do MMA and i dont wanna die
I took a knee to the ribs that popped the intercostal artery and broke ribs so I kept on fighting thinking they were just broken ribs. No biggie.  After the fight, I started seizing for breath, shaking from pain and sweating like I ran a marathon. I went to the hospital with my vision fading, heart rate in the 200s(if you run a marathon it should be at max 120) and not being able to understand questions being asked of me.  Had 2 7 hour surgeries back-to-back and woke up in the ICU. Had another surgery 6 days later and almost a heart surgery the following day. Ended up being in the hospital for 11 days.  The intercostal artery caused me in the internally hemorrhage 3.5 liters of blood(more than half my blood) and collapse a lung which is why I couldn't breathe.  Docs couldn't believe I was alive but here I am.  
Ouch. I wanna he careful fighting dudes now but i cant..  I do tae kwon do as my main style so if my heel hits their ribs with a back kick ill be worried
What happended during the fight?
I took a knee to the ribs that popped the intercostal artery and broke ribs so I kept on fighting thinking they were just broken ribs. No biggie.  After the fight, I started seizing for breath, shaking from pain and sweating like I ran a marathon. I went to the hospital with my vision fading, heart rate in the 200s and not being able to understand questions being asked of me.  Had 2 7 hour surgeries back-to-back and woke up in the ICU. Had another surgery 6 days later and almost a heart surgery the following day. Ended up being in the hospital for 11 days.  The intercostal artery caused me in the internally hemorrhage 3.5 liters of blood(more than half my blood) and collapse a lung which is why I couldn't breathe.  Docs couldn't believe I was alive but here I am.
hows that hospital bill
I owe 2k out of a 310k hospital bill because I work for an insurance company so my med insurance is good.  Thank God for that man
Yeah man, an hour later and I would've died via respiratory failure or heart stopping.  Going to urgent care instead of E.R . would've meant if I was dead.  Being a little older or out of shape would've meant my body couldn't take the stress and I would've died.
Shit dude it's so easy to forget how dangerous combat sports can be sometimes. I have so much respect for people who are willing to step into the ring and put it all on the line like that.  Any tips for balancing combat sports and BB? I really wanna get back into boxing but I also love lifting weights and don't wanna be a skinny mofo forever
I've stuck my dick in a lot of crazy but nothing tops MMA guys. Had one that trained all day and wanted dick all night, head like a bag full of wet cats, that one. 
That's weird I'd expect a guy like that to be a top yknow? I don't know much about gay people I guess
Pretty sure that's where most of the crazy came from. Being so far in the closet he's taking piss breaks in Narnia.   All the pros I've ever fucked (baseball, bodybuilding, and mma) had more issues than National Geographic. 
Imma need stories 
As much as I'd love to brag, too easy to guess people based on details and I'm def not someone that outs people. 
This guy fucks
I would focus on one as your primary goal and the other as supplemental training. I do bodybuilding/cardio/weights to supplement strength training and agility for kung fu but you can do it the other way around. You can use boxing to ensure you're mean and jacked. Hownestly, unless you fight competitively, there will be minimal impact to your bodybuilding. I was going to fight in China next month so I would've seen gains disappearing during cuts to make fight weight but that's the only detriment I ever saw.  
Wasn't your time to enter Swolehalla 
One day I shall enter the ball of weights and shakes. One day
During this bulk I have been building a cocoon of fat.  I can't wait to come out this spring as a beautifully shredded butterfly.
Yeah I used to be in denial too.
tfw coming out as an ugly ass moth
But then you'll realise you should've hit abs
I've always wondered because I see people talk about it, do most people not have a day or atleast half a workout session just for abs?
I do
I think most people train abs quickly at the end of a few sessions per week
I think most people tell themselves they're going to train abs quickly at the end of a few sessions per week, and end up skipping it entirely.
I can confirm this
I don't see an A in PPL, so the answer is no.
His username is u/JakeLifts, not u/JakeDoesAbs.
Hey I'll start hitting them tomorrow.
Just do them when you go home after you lift
2real4me
I luv u bb
Signed a contract for a new role today, 6 figures. University finishes for me tomorrow so I finally get my degree. Plus yesterday I hit 200lbs, single digits and have happened to grow a cm since I last had my height taken. Also had the girl give me a rusty trombone.  It's all come together nicely. And for the first time in my life I'm goalless not because I'm a fat loser, but because I've achieved everything I've set out to do.  Hope everybody kills it today. If you grind you can make it.
what's next fam
Honestly, I don't know. Never been in this position. Probably try and push to take a dump on her chest...
Do that and you've made it, farm.
A cute girl walked by. I smiled at her, she smiled back. No autism involved. Almost glad I didn't attempt to talk to her because I would've found a whey to mess it up 
Was feeling pretty down after a crazy emotional workout yesterday.. until some trans on tinder asked me to be their FWB.   Gotta confuse the hormones right babe?
Had a dream last night that I was hunting Mike O'Hearn's horcuruxes.  I had found the Natty O'Hearn one and the Tren O'Hearn one but I couldn't find the Tren O'Clen horcrux. ZMA never lets me down 
So I've slayed more chicks the past two weeks than I have the past two years.  It's amazing how much difference cutting 15 pounds makes.
Just the 1 huh?
Hey bros, hope you're smashing your days. I went out with the intention to have a great day and did just that - hit my macros near perfect, fit pancakes into my diet, made a gym bro, smashed uni work. It's amazing what a positive attitude can have on your day.   Only problem was that I had a heavy gravity day, no idea why either, sucks but I'll take it.   There's also a giant spider running around my house right now and I'm beyond scared. Barricaded myself in my room with a towel, even locked the door so the big fucker can't get in.
Talking to girl right now, trying not to mess up.  help
If she reads your message but doesn't respond for a full five minutes, follow up with a dick pic to keep the conversation rolling
I was in the right place at the right time today bros. walked into my gym as they just set up a sale table with protein shakes for 99 cents a piece. I bought 15.
Well, after dealing with a dying close relative I realise life is short and I don't want to work my job chasing money anymore, I'm about to quit my job and follow dog training and then maybe go into training for the police/forces.  Wish me luck bros
Hi hello. Hope everyone had a good day. Best wishes to my cutting bros, I believe in you. Condolences to all my bulking bros, dat booty hole must be raw from all the poos.
tfw everything grows except your arms.   Feelsbadman
Better than the opposite... Trust me...
... I'm confused.
He's gay
so many guys out there make decent gains but don't even care about diet. All I can think when I meet someone who is bigger than me but says they don't count how much they eat I wonder how much bigger they would be if they kept track.  Counting macros gives me an upper hand on progress I feel like, other guys may lift more than me and some may work harder but as long as my diet is on lock I feel good about myself.
First date since getting out of a year long relationship coming up this week. Will report back after I inevitably do something retarded 
Mega smash set with the gf tonight, but she went to sleep at her place since I have to be up earlier than usual for work tomorrow.  But am I asleep?? Nope, I'm cruising the DD and eating Kit-Kats by the handful. So, sup dudes?
Dominated my fluid mechanics exam and found out I won a scholarship today. Remember bros, brain gainz are just as important as gym gainz (well... almost)
Brains are important, but big biceps are importanter
congratulations that smile says so much.
Gonna see my grill for the first time in almost two months in three days... I think I'll implement some cardio. The stair master sounds nice for a solid two minutes.
Lil homie has terrible form
Just watched Big Ray Squat 1000lb Raw.  I think that's the first time i've ever screamed at the screen in excitement.
Feeling pretty stressed, anxious, and lonely today. Gloomy dread is one state that's hard to transfer to motivation, so just felt shitty in the gym. After gym hit up the supermarket, got to the ice cream aisle, and realised that I'd start crying if they didn't have Halo Top.  Not only did they have Halo Top, they had all the flavors, all on sale. I started crying tears of relief in the aisle. This is the first "treat" I've had in like two months and it's really helping.
Wrist pain during curls. Hello darkness my old friend.
Holy shit only getting 4 hours of sleep a night is catching up with me. Scoop and a half of Hyde and I fell asleep in the parking lot of the gym. Dear god pray for me 
Halfway through chest and triceps when my university gym decided to shut off their power and evacuate for a drill.   Goddamn gainz goblins. Now my triceps are lacking. 
Today while driving I saw a women with some tattoos on her arms and I instinctively thought of the piano man. Immediately after I was upset at my self and I thought "god dammit". What his this sub done to me
I've got a bird on the go atm, and yesterday she goes "if you told me the sorts of food you eat I could cook and prepare it for you." Hit the jackpot there.  Later on at the gym, I saw this fat kid load up about 130kg and proceed to do some quarter-squat good mornings whilst rocking on to the balls of his feet while his friends cheered him on. That's the closest I've ever gone to giving unsolicited form advice, my knees and spinal erectors nearly snapped watching it.  On another note, chest supported dumbbell rows are such an amazing back exercise.
Eating a can of Bush's baked beans Steakhouse Recipe for dinner AMA
Probably gonna a try 405lb squat sometime soon. Squats been feeling really good lately. 
Been lifting off campus for a while now, got a discounted six month pass for the summer because the uni gym was closed off and on throughout the summer. Live off campus.  Car broke down so Im stuck on foot, walked to the uni gym because its closer. Its been six months since I lifted there. Im one of very few gearheads on this campus, what few others go here are in athletics and work out at the athlete gyms.  I really had forgotten how absurdly motivating it is to stand out in the pudgy, soft, insecure hordes of twigmen and fatboiz. Destroyed the workout pouring sweat and veined out of my skin.  The tren may be a factor here.
is there any proper way to approach a girl at the gym?  saw a baddie at the gym earlier (university gym) and definitely want to speak to her but i'm not sure how else i'd do it besides at the gym
Imo it's a no - go. If you see her outside the gym, it's fair game
From experience, don't go up to her when she's at the water fountain and say that her mouth looks good wet. Trust me.
I could not be more sick of seeing girls with the dog or "beauty" Snapchat filters. That is all.
I vaunt dah pahmp
Vaunt u cahmming all auvah da gym 
Please don't laugh, but I just got 6, clean, pull ups.
I'm past the 1000lb club but can't do 6 pull ups without assistance that's pretty good
Gj, i can deadlift 5 plates, and i weigh just below 200lbs at 6'0, still struggle with pullups..
I love butter chicken. Bout to smash this rice bowl and have a good ass chest and shoulders workout. Life's good bros
If I keep telling myself we're all gonna make it will it eventually come true? Because God 2016 has been one of the worst years of my life brahs. But I've made lots of gains so I mean at least I have that, right? 
Had the most intense "out-of-body" set experience ever. Blood pumping, PWO kicking, chest felt as though it was about to explode. A remix of one of the best workout songs - Victory p.diddy - 50 cent hammers away and every word just hypes me up even more.  Did a cable fly/press mix, and it was the best one i've ever done. Spent 10 mins recomposing, but boy oh boy was that shit exquisite.
So i almost knocked a girl out at the gym today by accident. I was walking by the benches and saw that she was doing the roll of shame so i go to get the bar off her and and re-rack. She thanks me and takes a couple of steps to the side without me realizing. So without me thinking and lacking awareness  I do a reverse curl with the bar to get it up to my shoulders so that i can get it to the right height of the hook and it ends up just barely missing her cheek. I apologize profusely and she says it's fine and laughs it off. Anybody almost injure someone today?
lmao at the image of you reverse curling her (failed) bench weight
Can anyone explain why whenever you run into someone at the gym you want to see again you never do? Like they decided to stop going to the gym.  It happens too often to be a coincidence.   
It's your ugly fucking face
I've been dealing with health problems for a few years. In the past 2 weeks, it's gone to shit in such spectacular fashion that I've missed an assignment and 3 tests. I have a test on Wednesday and Friday and im just beginning to recover.   Absolutely livid cause this is my final year and my body and mind couldn't hold on until Xmas. Oh well. Couple of appointments in the following weeks then back on the grind. Gonna take the rest of the month away from the gym as I simply can't recover. I have a treadmill in my garage so I'll do some walking to keep my sanity.   In other news, being sick is the fastest way to cut.   In yet other news, seeing someone I care about and it's going well. Didn't realize I like cuddling until we cuddled. Feels...
Got called a meathead on IG, so I guess I'm making it.  The funny thing is the person attacked me for judging someone else's looks, then called me a "douche", "dumb ass", "need to brush your teeth" and other things, without a hint of irony. Got blocked immediately after my response. Oh well, probably shouldn't have said anything to begin with. 
12lbs in a month is a lot bro chill
So... anyone looking for a good vacation spot, go to New Orleans. I think I am going to take a long break from partying and drinking.
I'd quit deadlifts if my  lumbar spine looks like that on MRI. Obviously it's your body and your life  I see too many ppl with pinched nerves in the lower back leading to weak legs. Can't walk and are on nerve pain meds.
It's 4AM here. Taking a brief break from studying.   Switched to boring but big. Breaking all kinds of PRs. Trying to focus on my numbers for a bit.   Ghosted my ex at least for a bit. 
Serious question. Would eating 20 one euro burgers at mcdonalds in one sitting be seriously dangerous in any way?   That would be about 5000 kcal and 25 grams of salt.  Asking for a friend ofcourse..
Final girl update. The girl from the dms? Well i was a dick to her in high school a couple times. Shes still not over it. Im not even mad, i just feel like an asshole now. Cant even remember what i did but still feel bad. 
Everyones a dick in highschool, dont sweat it.
Fasted until 4 pm today.  When I started IF my first meal was 10 am, thinking I knew what pain was.  Now waiting until 2 pm is no problem.  Hopefully within a month I will just have some ice water with lemon as my meal for the day.  I got a massive bet with my wife I won't get abs before year end.
Going to try and make salmon burgers tomorrow morning (TFW the DD hits at 12AM).   Did avocado, black bean, goats cheese, chicken, green onion, pepper and Roma tomato quesadillas today, with a side of pancakes. They turned out excellent.   Can't wait till the foodie Friday thread. 
Hey broz. I am no where near show ready, but would it be weird for my anit-swole ass to hit up shows or conventions on bodybuilding. The culture is so friendly and i just love attempting the gains so I thought i would find myself more into it. I will be in toronto working on contract for the next 6 to 8 months not to far from the downtown core. Is there any shows or conventions i could hit up?
What is waterbread? 
exactly what it sounds like. bread dipped in water. some dude in the DD a while back was talking about its great to bulk with coz its easy to get heaps of calories in
Dip a slice of white bread in water, squeeze it in to a tiny wet lump of bread and swallow it whole. You can basically gobble up 100 calories worth of bread in one bite. Apparently it's good for bulking if you're struggling to get calories in but I've never tried it myself.
What routine should I do when I'm 2 months in to icf, I've been doing it because I need to take the bus to the gym, but I will be moving closer in 2 weeks. Some routine with hypertrophy as priority. Is PPL good?
Why do people not grasp the concept of how nutrition work? Every time nutrition comes up and I throw certain statements into the conversation like "you don't need to only eat 'healthy' food", and that "carbs as a matter of fact don't lead to getting fatter rather than the calories you eat in total" they get all offensive and start insulting. Like wtf, read a scientific book, bro.
Mohammed is the most commonly used name on earth 
When you accidentally fill your bottle with hot water..
Goddammit failed every fifth rep of squats even after dropping 5lbs when I missed the first set. Mad exertion headache too trying to grind the last one angry as hell. Today ain't my day. I have the beginning of some baby lats finally, pretty sure my insertions are high doe. 
Costume party in 2 days, easy costume ideas for a bulking bro?
E. Honda?  
fuck not a bad problem to have. at least you can grow dem arms boi
I was recently introduced to BFR training.  I don't really get sore anymore because I train frequently enough, but got damn my quads have never been so sore.
I've been riding my bicycle to the gym, and these past two weeks I've gotten three flat tire on my front wheel while my bike is locked at a specific rack at generaly the same time. Checked my tube and they have the same fucking sliced hole. 3 tubes. Thankfully I always have a spare tube ready and hand pump. Gym nemesis been messing with me hold me bros. 
Carefully run your finger along the inside of your tire to look for snags.  Repeat the process in the opposite direction.  Possibly, you caught a tiny bit of stray wire.
I did check the rim tape and tire and it's all good. And that shit only happens at that specific bike rack, before I locked it there I rode it all day just fine. 
I know DOMS isn't indicative of a good workout, but I'm just curious. How often do y'all get DOMS?
Legs? Every fucking time. Lats and traps sometimes, chest is usually sore if I stretch or poke it. That's it.
I'm honestly really disappointed when I'm working upper body and I don't get DOMS. Chest and bicep DOMS is the best.  Fuck leg DOMS though.
if i havent lifted for over 2 weeks ill get it
Well I recently found out I have herpes.  No symptoms at all.  I gave it to 3 girls before it really set in that I for sure am carrying it.  I guess this means I should probably settle down with the girl I am currently seeing.
Sorry to hear man.   You sure you gave it to three girls? 
Yeah the problem is a blood test doesn't tell you if you have genital herpes or not.
I'm gonna trust an MD over webMD.  My understanding is that the current state of PCR blood testing is able to test for the presence of the virus, but cannot tell you where the virus is actually located.  Oral herpes are incredibly common, I needed to know if I had genital herpes or not.
I'm not saying not to trust your dr. I'm saying type I and type II, to my understanding, define whether it is oral or genital, and a blood test can spot which type it is. perhaps i'm wrong, and if so I apologize, but your statement that there is no way of knowing didn't make sense in that context because you stated without lesions there is no way to twll. So i guess I'm curious, did the doc do the blood test, and if so, is it type I or type II
No actually they used to think that type 1 and type 2 were exclusive to oral or genital, but that actually changed in the last few years, and either can be in either place.  But yeah that was the commonly accepted knowledge for several years.  I got the blood test done when I had a full panel done but I'm actually not sure which strain I have.  Need to check in on that.
well good luck with all that it does suck outing yourself right in the beginning but it seems as if everyone carries some version nowadays.
HSV1 and 2 can be transmitted to non-traditional areas but they're different and less likely to cross over. Typically oral herpes isn't an STD.
good to know. 
Fuck you, hope you get worse than that
probably deserve it tbh
Lesions not legions for next time fam
Spelling is not my forte
Brother knows what forte is but says spelling isnt it. Lmao.   Seriously, though. Tell people from now on. Genital herpes isnt something to fuck with. Oral herpes just kind of a thing.
Yeah I know.  It kinda fucking sucks all around.
Yeah I know it was shitty.  Herpes is weird because the blood test doesn't really tell you where you have herpes.
Woke up late today, now I'm lifting after school which means I get to walk for an hour home. 
I'm considering crossfit to get jacked brahs... Someone come slap me 
You lookin to fuck your joints right up? Go for it.  You looking for interesting ways to get a pump? Buy some gymnastic rings, head over to /r/bodyweightfitness and read up on beginner ring workouts.   Looking to perform olympic lifts? Just do olympic lifts.   Don't do crossfit shit. The kipping garbage alone is enough of a red flag.
So today I went for a 2 plate bench for the first time. The weight comes down, touches my chest and then slowly starts to rise back up. I make it about halfway up when it starts to grind a bit but doesn't stop. All of a sudden this big dude runs up from a couple benches over and starts to lift it for me so I yelled "I got it. I got it. I got it. stop." So he backed off and I finished off the rep. I popped up afterwards being because although I can't really count that I'm sure I would've gotten it up and I'll hit it next week. A few minutes later the biggest dude in the gym, who watched this all go down, asked me to spot him when he was behind the neck overhead pressing 2 and a half plates in a smith machine. I've only been lifting for a year and always go by myself so I've never spotted anyone. He said he was going for one rep but didn't need a liftoff so I was kind of nervous. He made it like a quarter of the way up, grounded to a halt and started to slowly descend so I stepped in and lifted it off. So bros, what is spotting etiquette when it's someone you don't know? When it starts to go down do you lift it all up or just give a little bit of help kind of with a forced rep type of deal?
I always ask questions first. If it's dumbbells, usually 'elbows or wrists for a spot?'. If they're benching, Ill ask something like 'want me to ride with you or just step in if you're gonna die?'.  Better to know beforehand than jump in last minute when a dudes going for a grinder 
Looking for career advice? If I quit my job with proper notice but take 1-6 months off before starting my next job. How bad does this make my resume look? My job now is killing me mentally. I have tried to stick it out but last 6 months have been hell. I'm 30 and this is my 2nd job as I stay for a while when I get hired. I have never had a break in work history since 15. I have bachelors degree, clean work history,clean criminal history and 3 good references. I'm thinking about switching careers as well. I don't care about making the same amount I do now, just want to be happy. 
Bought a new thing of Mr. Hyde and I love the flavor..which is a first.  First meet is currently about 11 days out. I'm watching my sodium/carbs/water intake more to make sure I come in a bit lighter than initially planned because  I hate how I look (that will likely never change) and I want to make sure I make weight in case my gym's scales are 1 or 2 lbs off. Not that it matters long term since I won't set records either way.
Fall bulk is going well. I am going to start setting my alarm for 3 A.M. so I can wake up and feed for maximum gainz then fall back asleep. Anyone tried this before? I just feel like I need to keep the anabolic process going 24/7 and the 9 hour nightly fasts can't be good for me. 
cant tell if kidding but horrible idea since u need a goods night of sleep for maximum gains, interrupting sleep sounds like a good way to fuck it all up
2 months into my cut and I'm starting to develop stretch marks on my love handles. Feels bad man
How do you get stretch marks on a cut?
12 days since my last trt pin, feeling quite like ass during the day, trying to eat not too bad while away from home for a congress... and still PRed my deadlift. Previous best 440x4 touchngo. Today I was doing doubles and went for 485x2. Well I didn't try the 2nd rep however that's still a PR. 500 club soon goddammit
I have such a love hate relationship with compression shorts. On one hand they're comfy and never get bunched up but they also accentuate the hell out of my juicy love handles
Realized I've just been spinning my wheels about this cut that I've been completely half assing it. I got lazy about it and went back up in weight. Fuck. Just rambling about this shit and feeling like shit about the lack of progress.
Keep rambling then, make yourself feel shit enough about it to go through with it
My cut the last few months has been fueled by years of self hatred and incompetence. 
Just did those triple drop sets for leg extensions someone recommended and I died. Jesus the pump is unreal tho 
Leg extensions give the most excruciating/painful pump of any exercise IMO.
any m8z from uk? need lifting buddies
pls be in London
Wrestling conditioning started today lads, my legs hate me right now. so much doms. Im praying I keep my gains and strength through the season. 
Ah yes, I remember my wrestling days. I was the leanest I've ever been when I was wrestling, but have way more mass/strength now.
Fuuaaark. Know what I mean? 
Saw a guy in the gym today with massive calves and the smallest ankles I've ever seen. It was like 25in calves and 5in ankles. Freaked me out a bit, and made me slightly envious even if they aren't aesthetic because I have no calves.
destroying my hopes and dreams
Anybody know if something like arimidex could help with natural gyno?
Better off with raloxifene 
Med?  On the inside of my thighs upwards toward my groin I have a few stretch marks. They get dark, and look bruised. Sometimes red sores appear there. Is it common for stretch marks to get sores between the 'year?'
Pics?
Back in school this semester. Information Management Systems. The bullshitting has begun.
Kk
What's your favourite MyProtein BCAA/PWO taste? Gonna be getting 1kg of BCAA's and don't want to get something nasty. Thinking about berry blast...
XTend gets really high ratings for BCAA flavors
The xtend raw bcaa mango flavor is pretty legit. Small or tall mix. Still gucci.   I like ON chocolate malt flavor. With water, mix it with like 8oz and its doable. With milk a tall mix is good. Almond milk as well.   I don't use a PWO really. XTEND GO bcaas if you consider it a pre. Or just black coffee.  Yeah. Black coffee is a good PWO.
Berry blast isn't great, that's the only one I've tried.
That may be understatement of the year. Berry blast tasted more like ass blast to me. Mixing it with 10g of Critriline Malate made it stomach-able though.
Got a gf two nights ago. But last night had a final date lined up that was already arranged beforehand. Thought it would be ok. Just chat and stuff and call it a day. No more messing around but, fuck, me, she's the hottest girl I have ever met. I had to smash. I... just had to. Frontloading deca and not much sexual drive but by god, did I smash. 173cm, slim, big firm boobs and was riding like I was a rodeo. Head game was otherworldly too. It was so unreal I think I immediately fell in love. Still have ex trying to video call me. Dunno what to do. I wish I were as autistic as you guys sometimes. Help.
Misunderstanding, it's more like, 10/16 - achieve new gf, looks like a good deal finally 10/17 - fulfilling already arranged date with literally the hottest girl ever and smash while ex gf tries to call me 10/18 - new gf coming around to stay tonight but now heart mind and dick are all screaming different things. Problem is, I've been too successful all at once. 
Sounds like 10/17 hot grill is the one you want to be dating.  Alternatively, post pics and let r/bb decide for you. You did ask for the autist's opinions after all.
didn't realise that the day I started lifting is the day I became forever small
Everytime I take a step towards my goal, my goal gets two steps bigger. 
That's how it should be though. Life would be boring otherwise.
I see you've caught up on your ancient memeology
Forgot my preworkout in the shaker at home. On another note forgot my shaker at home.  But the fat ass chick is here again and I'm definitely mirin
jesus 10x10 for dl with a hernia? and 3k for a hernia repair fuck that jesus how did you get your hernia
Probably got it from deadlifting everyday. 
It's minor and in the very center of my abs.  I've had it since I was a kid.  Not the painful kind.  The size hasn't changed.
Tried water bread.   Not as bad as I thought it would be  stick to white bread whole-wheat doesn't suck in any water tho.
Yall motherfuckers act like youve never taken a drink of water after eating a sandwich or some shit. Thats all "waterbread" is. Ya put the drink on the bread instead of in ya mouth after taking a bite.   It aint rocket appliances.
Y'all act like you never boiled some rye bread in water then added sugar and yeast and fermented that bitch.
You mix food and drink at the same time? SAVAGE.
I DONT CARE THAT IT ALL MIXES IN MY STOMACH IN THE END ANYWAY, MOM.
His delts are so far behind its almost as if he purposely skipped them so he wouldnt get called out as much for being on gear...Or maybe its what compounds hes taking and/or genetics?  Idk shit about gear but that chest tho.
his shoulder genetics must suck and that's about it. His arms are also very lackluster and I doubt that is by design either.
once i said that he should hit delts, and he responded something like "I'm going for the goldrn era look where you don't have super big delts" 
Could be that he wants that Arnold chest to shoulder proportion 
arnold had solid delts - he just didn't have the cannonballs we see today
He means he doesn't want to be on tren and DHTs year-round like so many instagram-famous lifters. Just staying on a little test year round will let him keep some fullness and size while staying healthy, but he won't have the popping  3D look from tren.
someone called him out in the comments he said they're stubborn to grow
I mean, the second I started gear my shoulders blew the fuck up without me working them. It's weird though, his shoulder do lack a lot. But I didn't really even need to try to grow them once I introduced gear. 
only 4 weeks testing out tren, shoulders blew up and gained more size than 2 years natty progress.    People literally waste so much time.
Same. My shoulders were naturally pretty rounded before I even started lifting.   I think it's just hormones. 
Natty here. My mouth is watering thinking about shoulders.....
Even for golden era, those delts are super behind.
he looks weird af
That's why it's a really bad idea to neglect delts even for classic physique.
lmao look at his other pics, he doesn't neglect them. A lot of it is just the pose. His chest is overpowering, i agree. But his shoulders aint that bad
But what are arms?
Does he have washer and dryer in his kitchen?
From europe myself and have never seen this. Maybe it's just you weirdos.
Not Sweden. They think it's weird so they go in the bathroom or a utility room. 
I'm from Germany and have my dryer on top of my washer in the kitchen to save space haha
I've been backpacking around Europe for the past 2 months, that seems to be a common thing over here.
So that's where Tyrell Wellick disappeared to... the gym
Could be his posing guys. Stick chest out, so no roundness to shoulder. That classic pose 
Isn't this the kid who used to claim natty to the top of his lungs and insisted that he was just super duper special? 
Wait... he makes toast in his laundry room, or does laundry in his kitchen??
It may not be the most flattering picture of him but I think the guy has a pretty aesthetic physique if you look through his pictures or watch his YouTube videos. 
if he really wanted to be healthy he just wouldn't take gear at all. it's far harder on your endocrine system to keep going off and on gear than to just blast and cruise.
There's not enough evidence to say either way. If you ever plan on coming off permanently then cycling is better though.
Not enough evidence to say which way is harder on you. Cycling is more useful if you plan on coming off. But feel free to continue cherry picking my words out of context.
"Harder on your endocrine system"? Care to elaborate?
Don't be obtuse
People blindly believe in BnC because it's an excuse to not come off, blaming a plethora of different broscience. I'm not the one being obtuse.
There is more evidence of test levels not fully recovering after use than there is evidence of the contrary.  And even still, there isn't much research out there. If the jury is out on whether something is dangerous in the long term, especially with most evidence suggesting so, it's safer to not use it.   I'm not saying steroids can't be used safely, but we all know that they can't be used in a way that is as safe as never using them at all.
It's your hormonal system, steroids mess with it.
So you should stay on steroids?
I mean I appreciate his honesty but for being on gear he looks pretty damn bad.
I don't think that's what he is saying. 
You're probably right, actually.
Soooo is this guy really natty or just another phony looking for followers?
Who gives a fuck if he's natty or not?
probably cycles creatine
Where did he say he was natty? 
I guess he didn't, but he says he doesn't need steroids to maintain his physique and seems to be against people jumping on gear to get the body they want.
He says he doesn't always have to be using steroids to attain his physique, I'm guessing he cycles off instead of blasting and cruising like a lot of people 
But is he juicin?
Obviously he is. Look at his picture from 4 years ago.
And he's only 21.
I'm pretty sure he's 16
He said he turned 22 in one of his vlogs last week
And he just started lifting 6 months ago. Natty
He probably took test for 3 months.
Only been lifting 6 months too
Aight, now you're fucking lying. Nope. I don't care. Lalalalalalla
Wow I'm knocking the door of 29 and this makes me feel like shit.
The fuck 
Don't be such a homosexual bro
I'm 37. But whatever, I'm not competing with anybody else, I'm out there to be the best me I can be.
are you on roids tho?
Nah, no reason to be. I'm not a competitor, I'm already happily married, I suck at lying, overall not a good candidate for a bicycle.
Blink if you are.
Lol nah I'm small and weak.
Fuck.
As a bi-dude, I approve.
Congrats 
So like all of us? 
Yeah his stats are " God tier "
21... fucking... years.. old...
He maybe 6'1 which gives him a 230 pound cutoff
Yes, 21y/o is my goal physique too.  I don't think I'm gonna get it. . . .
35 here...
3 jacked 5 shreddito.
.3 zyzz tho
That guy's rear delts are goat afaik.  Has anyone seen better on a guy his size?
Why did he not compete in the previous Olympia?  This guy looks a like a powerhouse.
He just recently switched to classic. He loves bodybuilding but has been watching classic evolve so he can get a better idea of the judging. 
He can easily dominate in Classic.  BB might take time because all of them are massive.
I agree, his goal also isn't to be a mass monster. 
Just wondering, has he been taking hgh for a while? Do you think it contributed to him being 6'1 or was he already naturally around that height (because of family genes etc) before he jumped on gear?
No guy has some fucking top tier genetics. Trust me when I say he doesn't need much, he also is strong as fuck. 
You're saying he's natty?
Lol no
Some folks just have all the luck when it comes to bb genetics don't they? Still, mad props to him though. Have you got any idea what he has run in the past? Just curious to see the kind of gains he made on certain amounts of different compounds he took. 
Not too sure I'm afraid. I didn't really feel comfortable asking gear questions regardless if I'm using just seems kinda nosy to me. 
I'm not even going to deny that this guy is hot even by bodybuilding standards. 
lookin absolutely shish kebabed
properly shawarmad
Thoroughly falafeled.
Hes going to do major damage
Which show?
Dayana Cadeau Classic
Dayana Cadeau Classic in Florida
I think (may be wrong) that it's a classic physique show in Florida? Idk the name of the show but I think his sister is also competing in it. 
The gun show
I love your comment 
Goal physique, for sure.
Dude's legs are looking straight bovine. 
Yummy 
He's looking thick as fuck, so are his muscles wownohomo
Only this man could wear a garment like that and still look intimidating 
His bicep is so high inserted it's up his armpit 
A little lacking in the bulge department. I'm a little disappointed.
Pretty sure any bulge is going to look small when it's situated next to monstrous quads. 
Are you a chick? He's a grower. 
Dude's prolly a grower. 
Sometimes?
Handsome
His chest is lacking compared to his led and arms.  
damn sexy freak. 
Amazing physique, unfortunate bicep insertions.
Dickless
Why wasn't he in the previous Olympia?
He just took his pro card, a month before or so. 
I'll probably get downvoted into the deep pits of hell.. but here we go, I feel like his weak arms take away from his physique. The rest of his body is god tier indeed. 
Lookin nice but kinda small torso lengthwise.. long legs, small torso.. But maybe it's just the camera angle
lmao the irony, chasing absolute masculinity. Wears a thong
It really is funny when you think about it.
Hey buddy, we don't come in WOW's subreddit and say you're weird for playing as a half naked elf. Go home.
omg you are pathetic. you are trying SO HARD. but you are just left with your pathetic attempt to piss me off. nice try thong boy
If you truly weren't upset you wouldn't have taken the time out of your day to respond to me. I can read you like a book. And besides thongs are the most comfortable form of undergarments. 
It's called sarcasm you neckbeard weirdo. Guess you don't get too much human contact to understand. 
You should look up what sarcasm means, but whatever floats your boat thongboy
aww thats sweet. you still get skidmarks.. dont worry you'll grow from that, although most kids your age have already past that
It builds character. So watch you condescending tone. 
he looks fucking weird
WHAT A STUPID FUCK
Like you're one to talk about others having a small penis.   At least Chris isn't a disgusting sack of lard like somebody I can mention. 
Actually if you read it he said that's all he ate meaning one sandwich and handful of chips a day. My guess is he was snacking and drinking sugary drinks in the meantime. And yes, I'm convinced he's lying. He's about as unreliable a narrator as you can get as his stories change constantly.   Did his first girlfriend come onto him and instigate all the sex or did she only do so after the third time? He's said both. Did he get a consensual blowjob from a younger boy when he was 10 or did this younger boy force himself on him? He's said both.  As for the starvation mode, I'll admit that there's evidence for it and there's evidence against it. But there's something there but you need to be below your BMR for it to happen. Also in the link you provided it's not mentioned what happened to the men after they went back to eating normally. I would assume and I would hope that they did so under a doctor's supervision.  
Oh look, a bunch of guff filled with projection. You've finally admitted you're a pedophile and that you have a small dick. Can you make it a hat trick and admit you're a waste of air who just sits around being fat, collecting welfare and refreshing various websites?
You don't just randomly stop being a pedophile. Nobody is going to believe you because it's not true. 
And I can sit here and say that I'm a millionaire with solid gold toilet seats but that doesn't make it true.   You don't stop being bi, either. That's not how sexuality works. Face it, man. You're a bisexual pedophile with a preference for women (and little girls).   Pedophilia is a mental disorder. There are no cures for mental disorders.   Actually all that matters is what the proper authorities think but that's a discussion for another day...
Luckily, unlike you, my life will never be a sad, never-ending pit of cycles of taking dick pics, fapping to "tasteful nudes of children", and eating garbage food in a filthy hovel in a shitty town. I derive pleasure from seeing you admit your transgressions and the truth behind your lies. Not long ago you were pounding your fat fists insisting you had a large penis. You finally admit those were lies. So yes, I am made happy by seeing you set yourself free with the truth. 
Jesus Christ is all James Terry Mitchell Jr of Muncie Indiana does all day is obsess over his tiny penis and fapping it to CP? And he says we need to get a life..
Strangely enough I'd wager we have actual lives and better than anything he could come up with.  Let's see, I've got a hot girlfriend who's of age and we have sex all the time.  I have a job that I like or at least don't hate and get paid a good amount of money for it. My girlfriend also works and gets paid well. I drive a late model car as does she. James here can't drive at all because he's afraid. We take vacations every year. He's probably never been out of state.  I have friends, social engagements, organizations I belong to. I doubt Jimbo has any friends. Definitely no clubs, organizations or social things to mention. I'm fit, healthy, still have all my hair and I've got a decent sized dick. Honestly I think it's just average but my girlfriend says I'm big so who am I to argue with her? We don't eat out often because we're both accomplished cooks although we do go out and can drop a couple hundred for a special occasion. James here probably lives off macaroni and frozen pizza. We own our house. Bought it cheap at auction, fixed it up by hand and it took us two years to complete but now it looks awesome and it's totally ours. He's still renting and living with Mommy and Daddy.   Honestly James would kill to have my life just for a day.
Why is it when people make these videos, they remove the original music and replace it with the most........nonmatching music they could find? 
OK
Probably to avoid copyright on YouTube so they can monetize it.
I get that this is guest posing, but I would love if he brought back some of his routines from his Arnold sweeps this year. Heck, it would be great if he brought back his Dirty Diana routine and just did that over and over again to be honest. Not a fan of this kind of posing.
When does this stop being posing and start being male stripping? I'm sorry I love Kai but this is fuckin ridiculous 
It's basically a flex show pose routine. He's always been super... artistic... with his poses outside of competition. This isn't new.
I know it isn't new but usually he doesn't wear a curtain that covers his entire body. I'd be alright with the mask and dancing like he's done before because at least you can see his physique.
He actually does come out in full costume and slowly remove. A lot of the more performance based posing routines do. It isn't just Kai.  What you're used to is competitive based on strictly showman posing.   This is completely separate. They do an interpretive routine in conjunction with traditional posing.   I'm not saying it's my thing, I just understand the art side of it. Just because the guy is 300 lbs of muscle doesn't mean he and the other guys don't have an expressive side they look to fulfill as well.
Covered up his upper body for almost the whole routine. 
My girlfriend pointed that out. Totally
It's hiding the bubble trouble trouble bubble
Camera man needs a little less coffee before filming.
do any bodybuilding enthusiasts actually enjoy watching kai stripping and dancing for 5 minutes or is this straight softcore g4p at this point
Just watched ramys in the suggested videos. Looks like a total bro. Which is awesome. He did gyrate his hips an uncomfortable amount though...
Zangief has stolen Vega's mask now ?
Sadly that midsection is out of control 
He is a reverse turtle
Not really a fan. But whateve's.
Kai always has the most interesting posing routines but for some reason I love them
Last Night? What do you mean? 
Yesterday night...? Is English not your first language?
To be fair the title is worded horribly
Kai Greene's last nights' posing
He needs to get that growth on his inner thigh looked at.
Varicose veins
More like verygross veins, right?
Yeah, that is disgusting.
He's looking vermicellied. 
Doesnt even look that lean. Bp must be crazy high
Absolutely ramen
RIP
I love your posts.  Awesome strength videos and those damn pushups you do are just insane.  
Haha thanks
www.instagram.com/davidshepardsonn
Cialis also lowers BP.. which is helpful if you are bulking/on gear/holding water
Working out on cialis is a real thing?
Lol when I heard Panini say it I thought he was kidding
cialis pumps are awesome. too bad i get a boner if the wind blows and my face turns redder easily when i take it
I thought the point of Cialis was to stop the crippling pumps from orals? 
You're probably thinking of taurine 
Of course, it's a PDE5 inhibitor.  All these aminos you guys chug are giving your body what it needs to make more NO but PDE5 will always limit how much NO the body will make.  Erecticle dysfunction medications like Cialis inhibit PDE5 and open the flood gates to a great deal more NO production, no goofy stimmed up diarrhea inducing fruit punch flavored garbage necessary.  Icariin (AKA horny goat weed) is an herbal PDE5 inhibitor found in some pre workout formulas and was what got me personally into taking the idea of an actual pharmaceutical drug for pre workout seriously as it works very very well.  Only side effect is sweating a lot more.
Oh great. I'm already the sweatiest dude in the gym by a pretty large margin. Just genetics.
Umm duh.  Tell me this, what would you do if you wanted to do weighted dips or pull-ups but forgot your belt?    1) take cialis. 2) place 45 on your erection 3) bust out reps while everybody and the police mire 
I stair at my calves....usually makes me angry enough to lift 
You don't like the johnny bravo look brah?
You got me, I was typing quickly on mobile. 
What's the benefit of opening the caffeine pills? Have the same ones but I take them normally just curious if there's any benefit the other way
Powder absorbs quicker than the capsule 
just mixes right in instead of taking the pill - no real difference in my opinion.
8g Citrulline Malate  5g Beta-Alanine  1.5g Agmatine Sulfate   350mg Caffiene  40mg DMAA (1-2x per week)
40mg MDMA (1-2x per week)   FTFY
The real answer
Cocaine
75g DMAA, isn't 70g enough to give you heart problems?
70g is for sure.  I know this is a typo but I just want to make sure that's cleared up in case this post is found in a search.  70mg should be ok. I know a guy who lives with me that does 60-70mg every other day, as has for about 4 weeks with no issues except when Yohimbe is throw in the mix.
I don't think so, some PWO brands have 64mg per serving. I believe above 100mg is when you are playing with fire.
okay, worried me for a sec tho mayne, be safe when you swell
I'd recommend Theanine. It makes me feel a lot more relaxed rather than just like bouncing off the walls when I consume caffeine. The creatine inclusion is questionable because it can possibly be negated by caffeine.
Few things where. Theanine , make sure l isomer , should be taken with caffeine. They have a wonderful synergistic effect. 2. Creatine and caffeine can be taken together , there is not pharmacological interaction. Its more that people are worried that the caffeine makes you pee so u lose water and this creatine req water so.....not cool. Don't listen to these people..
Dbol
dmaa,creatine and caffeine eyeball everything
Careful with Dmaa, effective dose for me is like 60mg but supposedly 70mg plus can cause heart problems
dont fucking eye ball dmaa ffs 
was a joke really, i never used pre workout, just plain old black coffee
He uses the adrenaline rush as part of his preworkout 
My pre-workout depends on what my dealer has in stock
I tried 2g of Acetyl -l-carnitine. I'm not sure if it actually works or is just a placebo. Might try Acetyl -l-tyrosine
8G Citrulline Malate  5g Beta-Alanine  1G Agmatine Sulfate (the pumps thoo)  150-350mg caffeine (dosed depending how I feel)
5g Beta-Alanine 5g Creatine Mono. 10g BCAAs 200mg Caffiene 500mg Calcium Vit B complex - occasionally  2 Bananas 1 Cup Oats 1 Spoonful of PB 1 Apple  Not as intense as some preworkouts, or other blenda, but at least I don't get the shits lol.
Glad to see I'm not the only one using cialis as a preworkout ingredient (from time to time)   Normally I do  3g Beta alanine  5g L-arginine AAKG  300mg caffeine   If I want a sick pump I'll take 5-10mg cialis although not very often 
9g Citrulline Malate  7g Beta Alanine   300mg Caffeine   600mg Theanine   5g Creatine   3g Taurine 
3 cups of coffee and half a bronkaid tablet
50 mg ephedrine 200 mg caffeine pill Maybe a sugar free monster if I feel like it
5g Creatine Monohydrate 6g Beta Alanine 8g Citrulline Malate 600mg L-Theanine 600mg N Acetyl L-Tyrosine 200-400mg Caffeine
Depends on what day it is, for leg day its caffeine and dmaa as much as i can theoretically survive then i can do my high rep squat workouts
200mg Syneprine  200mg Caffeine  500mg vit. C  thats works for me but im thinking about adding Citrulline Malete for the better pump
Coffee, a small bump of coke, and a small joint.
1 cup of coffee. 
250mg caffiene 5g cum  If ur name is Rich piana just multiply everything by 15 and your good to go
Reading everyone else I see I may be overdoing this a little...  Like 15g creatine and malic acid  10g beta alenine  A can of monster sugar free
Yeah no point in those dosages tbh. 5g for both
Do you really need preworkout?
Yes
200mg Caffeine Anhydrous   3g Beta Alanine   Most clean and effective preworkout I've ever used. Used to add all the other shit but this is better imo. 
I'd say relax a bit on the citrulline malate and get 5g per dose . Caffeine could be high depending on own tolerance . Lot of brands put bcaa in as well to make to dose bigger. I'd say just add bcaa to this and drink half of it before and sip the rest in your workout
Fyi if you aren't an endurance athelete Beta-Alanine isn't doing anything for you. 
I dont think creatine gives you energy? I thought that creatine gets absorbed in the body in 2 weeks and stored in the lever than to release for atp and stuff. I just mean if you take creatine pre workout it doenst really do alot different than taking It a other time.
Same goes for beta alanine.  I haven't started making my own pwo yet but I'll take it separate, I'm not a fan of the skin tingles during workouts 
Beta alanine does not build up in you system and show benefits after sustained use.  It's completely a PWO or pointless use.
Just so that your taking everything at once.
It is more of a convenient thing, I also take my creatine pre-workout just so that i don't forget.
Yeah I understand, maby you should try agmatine sometime I take 1 gram and get good pumps from it
Meth
1-2 scoops of C4 30mg DMAA 
Source ? Please?
Did you even read that?
That's caffeine combined with nicotine. 
That explains why i need a shit ton of caffiene 
8g citruline 4g beta alanine 10g bcaas 5g glutamine 5g creatine mono 3g glycerol 1g agmatine sulfate 5g arginine 2g sodium/potassium 600mg aceytle l tyrosine 350mg caffeine 75mg dmaa 2g taurine  300mg theanine  20mg yohimbe  25g carb 10 
So a 70g preworkout. Seems legit
Well carb 10 is taken separately to avoid the horrible flavor combo so more around 50
Damn, dude
Never bounced beck test wise after cycle so I'm dealing with 250 test at 21.. This is the only way my natty low t self can perform. Plus I work at a supp shop so tons of stuff free/discounted.
A cold shower, cup of coffee and some nuts. Kiss
Haha dude, it's been out for less than a month.  Take it easy Brad/Calum.
ok Brad
Whenever someone asks me for help, even if they're completely trash at what ever lift or goal they're trying to accomplish, it's really unwise to tell somebody every improvement they need at the gate.   Piling a shit ton of flaws onto a beginner is the best way to make them quit. These programs seek to establish a base of strength and general experience in the weight room before going on to more detail oriented lifts. 
Ahh I see.  So it all comes down to designing your own program and adjust it in a as-needed basis?
In my experience, yes.
I mean, would you tell complete strangers on the internet that they should design their workouts? It's just safe advice to tell everyone to do research and do what the pros recommend. Nobody wants to be responsible for a newbie/"intermediate" lifter getting injured or making zero progress because he tried making his own splits. 
I think people take that to an extreme degree. I'm definitely not an impressive physique by any stretch of the imagination but I've got great results by just making sure I have enough volume and variety in my self made splits. I'm very unstructured compared to most lifters, I think. 
Do you think most of the well known guys in YouTube and Instagram follow a structured program? I can accept Jeff Nippard does but I highly doubt that the majority of them follow laid out programs. At least Jeff Seid doesn't from what inside knowledge I have. 
Idk that anyone should take advice from your 12" arms, pumpkin-boy.
Maybe those with 10-11" arms? 
All accessory exercises have alternatives. If you don't like the one in your program or don't feel that you're contracting your muscles properly find another alternative. I'm personally doing lateral raises on my push days. DB lateral raises on push A and cable lateral raises on push B. Throw in some rear delt-flyes on pull day and you're good to go. PPL is the easiest program to modify out there imo.
Just curious but do you OHP at all and if so I assume you throw that on Push day as well? I always feel like there is just not a set place for shoulders in ppl. I either neglect them or hit them daily in diff ways which is becoming my go to for them at this point. 
How do you feel OHP movements have impacted your shoulder growth? 
To be honest not much (BB OHP). I feel most of my shoulder growth comes from DB OHP and various rear delt flyes. I think it's because I used to do shitty BB OHP reps though, like cheating with legs and stuff so I've been deloading for some time and it feels better now.
Yeah shoulder are a bitch to fit in to ppl imo. I tried on leg day but feel like I don't have enough time to get the volume for both that I need. I put DB OHP on Heavy Push day and my shoulders are a bit taxed already from bench but this is probably my best solution like your doing as it doesn't cut into time that much. Lat raises I literally put in every other day but do 20lbs 4x15 drop to 15lbs 4x20 just to throw as much volume as possible. Seen some nice growth and no real issues with soreness yet. 
I will never understand why people follow programs line to line thinking they can't add or subtract an exercise. 
mate I think you're thinking too far ... train and eat properly, you will grow.
If it were that simple what's the point  on having subreddits, forums and blogs dedicated to the intricacies of training?  Sure in the beginning it may be simple, lift eat etc beginner noob gains.  But later on, one may want to advance and not know how to. All those hypertrophy programs that only have, for the most part, compound movements, may not help people with specific goals - like having incredible looking shoulders - to achieve their goal effectively.
It is that simple. You train shoulders, you eat a surplus of calories your shoulders will grow. Gains slows down but that's all for the game. Been training for 5 years and I have followed push push legs, PHAT, upper lower splits, smolov. I choose all my secondary exercises based on what I like. The only thing that stays the same is the primary function of the program. Ask any experienced lift in your gym if they follow any workout plan step by step and I will guarantee they say no unless they a bro lifter.
 for strength, programmes like smolov, sheiko etc work best and the strongest guys I know all follow them step by step, for bodybuilding it's a different game of course but if strength correlates with size (which it does especially for natties) there's a point to following routines aimed at getting you stronger while hitting all your muscle groups
Well because people often like to overcomplicate things and think they need to add a ton of shit because they are "special".   Beginners generally should try to not be weak af and focus on a handful of exercises to get a basic level of strength first.
This exact issue is what led me to leave r/fitness and find r/bodybuilding.  When I first got on reddit the only sub I was aware of for workout information was r/fitness, and at first it was OK. Then there was an r/fitness thread where people were talking about their routines, and I mentioned that my routine was a combination of parts of two routines I took from other places, plus my own addition of a few things you don't usually see (like I have access to atlas stones and enjoy them so I incorporate those on deadlift day).  The response was like 10 different people commenting to lecture me about how you have to follow a routine and not deviate from it. That's when I started searching around, found an r/bodybuilding thread where people were talking about experimenting with their own routines, and knew I was in a better home for me.
I don't know man, for beginners that's pretty good advice. Everyone (including me) overcomplicates it and ends up treading water (or at least not making the progress they should be making) when at first almost literally any lifting will help. I think for the first 6 months or so it's a pretty good idea to just "stick to the program".  After that, yeah you should almost certainly be making substitutions for exercises you prefer.
They're twigs who are DYEL. I see them idiots all the time in the gym and it gives me pleasure to make fun of them.
Guy called Eric Helms has some great youtube videos under the banner "3DMJ", look for the "Muscle and Strength training period" series. That will help you sort out periodization, frequency, exercise selection, rest times etc etc. I would also recommend the book "Practical Programming" by Mark Rippetoe as I believe that covers periodization very well. 
How long have you been lifting? If you are under a year, it's very likely your noob gains are just dying out.  Check your nutrition. Log everything you eat for a week. Including small bits of mayo etc.  Deloading is great but a ton of articles / powerlifting programs suggest deloading every 4th week. If you are training for bodybuilding I would suggest just listening to your body
Just know it is extremely hard to gain strength on a cut. Most people lose strength and that is very very likely why you are plateau-ing
Oh yeah I know it's hard to gain strength and muscle mass on a cut - if not impossible depending on how advanced someone is-, my plateau began 1 month before I ended the bulk, so I decided for the next 2-3 months i'll just maintain all my lifts and cut.  I got really fat these last months dirty bulking haha
want bigger shoulders? Do more shoulder work  want bigger bis? Work bis harder  that is the basics of lifting anyone who tells you otherwise is just over complicating it. You can research and look up exercises to find ones that hit your goals.   For example, I want my shoulders to be fucking CAPPED. I'm talking football pads in a t shirt type of capped. So I do about 250 reps hitting every head in my delts with emphasis on my side delts.   
I recently learned this.  I wanted bigger Shoulders and Arms so I....... added a shoulder and an arm day to get way more volume. My life became so much easier once I gave myself permission to dream...
because theyre not hypertrophy programs 
Allpro,   Ice Cream 5x5,   Lyle McDonald General bulking routine,   531 Boring but Big,   Greyskull,   PHUL,   PHAT  Many more...
these are mostly just templates, just add whatever you want 
Most of these programs you are finding are made for anyone and everyone. They are just beginner's templates despite what they say.   If you want to work on your weak points or improve certain groups you need to, as you did, design your own program based on your aesthetic goals and proportions.
If you don't do laterals then you are doing it wrong. You won't find anyone that doesn't do laterals that has great shoulders.  They just don't exist.  They are not an optional exercise.  If anything, laterals are the only exercise you absolutely have to do.  You can work around any other exercise if you want/have to.  Don't follow a specific program either. Gather knowledge and make your own.
/grabspopcorn
Behind the neck press seems to be a better movement as well as db press, generally both have your hands fairly wide, wider than your shoulders and lateral raises are just a boring waste of time to me. 
How on earth are they "essential"? Upright rows with a suitable barbell or kettlebell do pretty much the same thing.
Hubba Hubba
Stats?
Cool, thanks man, def looks that way.
Shredded af
Thanks bud
Fuaaark
Jesus dude leave some gains for the rest of us.
Haha, bloody ace. Looking awesome mate.
Is your mom a grizzly bear jesus christ
I should not go through this thread on University wifi
Big af dude. Mirin.
I have no idea why I clicked on the second link.
Yeah you do bb
I have no idea why I opened it in class
I opened it in a bus.
I have no idea why I zoomed in
I have no idea where this lotion came from...
Holy goals bro
Chest routine? Looking good man 
Bench incline flies all 4x10. Superset  push-ups and cable flies and whatever the hell else I can think of whenever I can. Inclined push-ups holding onto the sink everytime I take a shower lol 
incline flies or flies?
Why not both just get all the volume you can 
then ok, just asking..
More like taking advantage of pectus excavactum lol
What is it like to drown on pussy? Really mirin'... 
I died laughing. Totally looks like head doesn't belong to body 
wait.. it-it's not photoshopped?
Im having a really hard time telling if that face is photoshopped on or not.
absolutely perfect
You natty bro? If so I aspire to gain your physique. What you like in off season
I'm fat version of u
Mirin'
literally the first thing I thought too, except this guys abs pop too
Mirin those crazy wide shoulders.
Can't tell if /s
Absolutely serious. I'm always convinced my back and shoulders are crap though, so I'm always mirin delts and lats.
Cool. I'm waiting 
Fuaark. You natty brah ?
It's been an hour, abandon hope that OP will reply.
Isn't the blue ox the one with some myostatin deficiency?
The Belgium blue
You're massive dude. Mirin.
Hey thanks man, I appreciate it. 
Stage weight?
You don't belong in Shit on Me Sundays anyway. Looking good bro
Why do you consider your 5x5 a waste? How do toy train now?
Mind sharing you're ppl/Arnold split
Woah that PPL sounds interesting can you explain? 
You natty brah?
I enjoy testing my limits 
fuark
I feel you i feel you
I'm kind of an idiot and I don't understand the answer
(Test)ing the limits.
Thanks, I thought about it but wasn't sure.
Mirin' those triceps
Dat long torso doe. For 5'5 you've got great proportion. 
You have the fullest tricep insertions I have ever seen. 
You look good op, and imgur is cancer, never make your posts public 
Arms thick af. Looking good brah 
I need forearms like that. 
Mirin those rear delts and pepperoni nips
404 chest not found
Id say it's there man, the pose isn't the best for chest either though 
Chest lagging bad or bad pose? Good arms 
pretty lean my dude    and also dicke and ballse
Put yo dick away 
Jooooosy 
I thought your beard in the bottom left pic were your cheeks I was like damn he looks like a chipmunk lol
Mirin af per the usual. Good luck and kick some ass.
Rear delts for days
quad development is legit. you need more tartine for the gains
roger dodger buddy i'll give them a call and see what the situation is. do you have an order in mind?
juicy quads
thank thank
what do u do for ur back man
I like how you wore same boxers for 6 weeks 
This brand of boxer briefs come primarily in blue. I have a couple grey and red and like a dozen blue.
You already look lean.. 
Mirin chest and shoulders 
Bi's looking peaky
Looking good but watch that gyno in the second pic. Up your AI
You sure he's even enhanced? Perhaps just different chest genetics than most people. 
You can get it from puberty
how do I up that lol
I should quit lifting.  You natty?
Nice serratus bro 
your nipples are so fucking small damn
Your not done cutting or you have some of the most unfortunate hip genetics ive eer seen
I owe those bad boys to when I had no fucking clue what I was doing in the gym and thought side bends were the way to go. Also I've been in a Drumline for 7 years now and I think carrying that drum around has built my obliques up a fair amount.
Ah sucks man. I almost fell into the side bends trap too but i realized before it was too late, stopped working them and let them fade to match up with my torso, try something like that haha, and also hit arms, more arms
Yeah I haven't touched obliques in months, I also pretty much cut out normal deadlifts and stick to sldl's and rdl's. And I'll make sure to add some more volume to arm day's.
Get it, boy
Ya look good, but for the love of god dont roll your shoulders forward. (Second pic)   I have seen it a few times with vanity selfies, and i dont understand why. It just makes it look like you have terrible posture and is offputting.
Thank ya
How'd you place?
I compete this coming Saturday. 
Oh shit, I can't read. 
You're good man, I probably could've been clearer. 
4 weeks into a bulk after cutting for months and I already feel like a pig 
3 years into a bulk and ive accepted feeling like a pig
Those calves are ridiculous 
Fuck I love the pullover machine, leave that shit holding watermelons. 
My gym has 2. A small/medium sized one and a larger one. I love em.
I found one in a new gym I checked out recently. Love it, got doms in parts of my back where ive never had it before. 
I had one in my old gym, didn't really like it. Although my lats are a strong point so I don't really have a need for it.
Not sure why people feel this deserves downvotes, I was very excited when I saw my current gym had an oldschool nautilus pullover machine but after a few months I realised I get a much better contraction from standard straight arm cable pulldowns with a rope.
K cool
Mike designed Dorian's training plan for the 1992 Olympia (his first win) and likely was the inspiration to start using Nautilus equipment which was quite obscure in England at the time.
Nautilus? 
brand of exercise equipment, like Hammer
Who the fuck doesn't know what Nautilus is?
Any opinions on his High Intensity Training style?
Literally every modern successful bodybuilder uses huge amounts of volume. Even elite powerlifters train using a shit ton of volume.  Strength and size are both built upon volume.
Virtually no one ends up looking good by training with low volume, as infrequently as possible. If you are wanting just to maintain or gain some strength but look DYEL, hate exercising, and love pain, it might be useful I guess.
nah brah. I had one friend that did 20 minute workouts 2-3 times a week and fucking ballooned up. He would do this shit. He did 1 set of every muscle on machines. 6 Second concentric and eccentrics, never to lock out never let the plates touch. When you failed on the concentric, you held the isometric as long as you could and tried to fight off the eccentric. Fucking brutal.    I've always wanted to try it, but my nuts aren't big enough to try it by myself. 
I'm glad it worked for your friend. I tried it for 3 months and found the results lackluster, and the DOMS unreal. I prefer conventional training.
That middle Guy's teardrop holy fuck
His name is Nicolas Vullioud. Just won his pro card at the Arnold last year. Hes gonna be a force in the 212. 
That guy in the middle is thicker than a bowl of oat meal.  Dreamer bulk of intergalactic peace right there.
Is that Mel Gibson on the right?
FREEE-DOMS
6'0 vs 5'11
God damn quads of peace in the middle.
Mirin the manlet in the middle
That URL though... 
Why would they show off season Heath? 
Thinking the same thing
Something tells me they aren't a big Phil fan
If I had to choose I'd say Lee Haney looked the best. He had the best mixture of mass and aesthetics.
I will always pull for Zane, yeah he was smaller than a lot of them, especially after Ronnie had his effect on the competition, but it's an elegant look.
Personally, id go with Oliva. Can't be beat in my opinion. Fucking huge guy with a very nice taper and a small waist. 
2005 Ronnie has to be the least aesthetic Mr O ever. No flow to that physique at all. In 2001 his gut was already super prominent but 2005 is absolutely inexcusable
Ronnie is the GOAT
Freakiest bodybuilder to ever live. If every bodybuilder was in their prime Ronnie would destroy everyone
Once 2001 Ronnie hit, that's when everything went downhill
You can see that GH-gut show up within the year difference
I think the only exception was Dexter in 2008. He looks awesome.
No love for 2009 Jay? Pure super-saiyan 
I mean I think he looks great. But as far as waists as a mass monster  I think Dexter was the only one with a "small" waist in recent years. 
Bulimia wat?
So I'm at school right now and can't load the video.. But why is it on bulimia.com
Unfair on phil, thats an offseason photo
He didn't look good at the O that year anyway.
He looked good enough to win the olympia, thought
Does anyone have a link to the montage of all mr olympias along with where the shows were held? They used it as an intro to this year's Olympia and I haven't been able to find it but it was dope.
I'm fucking mirin' Larry Scott, Sergio, Arnie, and Zane.
The shots of Ronnie in 2001 and 2005, Jay Cutler in 2009, and Dexter Jackson are my favorites. 
93 Dorian will always be the best for me.
Most of them are more impressive than Heath from the front...
What the fuck is this? How are you guys trashing Ronnie who's the greatest bodybuilder of all time? Seriously what the fucks the matter with this sub
Shit i love Kevin and all but he really needs to add mass to those legs before getting on any stage imo 
Levrone needs more than legs. He needs to add at least 20lbs of muscle to his upper body and 30lbs to his lower body before thinking about competing again. 
Let's be honest though... the guy's 52. Those legs aren't coming back. What he's done is impressive enough, though.
Dude had knee tendinitis during prep. Let's give him another shot
I believe in the power of juice and squats, not likely, but if somebody can do it at 52 then its probably Levrone
even during his prime he had relatively small legs, so him being levrone makes it even more unlikely to get big legs at 52
I hit the gym all chest no leeegs
lol give back my legs lmao
Is this guy real? I assume not
Thanks coach rip
Legs of a high school girl
Thats a terrible pose in regards to his legs, I really think he needs to find a new way to hit his classic pose.  His legs look 'ok' (not in terms of IFBB pro) from some angles...not this one.
Is this post olympia or pre?  Because if this is after he got all healed, then god damnzit i told you so. All his IG posts are literally angled to make it seem like he miraculously reshaped his legs in a short timeke  
It's post olympia.
Great to see his upper body guest pose again
What's something you think the bodybuilding or fitness world in general needs? Supplement and clothing companies are a dime a dozen, and I want to start a business one day that's new, but caters to the industry. I've been brainstorming recently, more a pipe dream than anything, but I know one day I want to run my own company and I want it to be centered around the thing I love most to truly enjoy going to work everyday.   Inb4 g4p
I know what you mean I'm cutting into my first powerlifting meet and managed to add on my squat taking my 340x5 rep max to 340x11 in one month with a good coach
I cut on 1500 for 3 weeks and didn't lose any size. I was getting in 180-200g protein and at least 50g fat daily. Similar stats. After that I cut on like 2200-2400 since a lot of guys on here were saying a heavy deficit isn't sustainable for much longer than that.
That's pretty low.  Would recommend the same as /u/xbejo with at least 180g protein and 50g fat so you don't end up binging/hating your life.  My little brother is doing a pretty successful cut on 2200, with similar stats.
Are you losing at the rate you want to? If your weight is going down st around .5-1lb a week then no it's not too low. If you're weight is going down faster than that then probably it is
Wanted to share that I was accepted to my top choice medical school today. Also crushed my lifts so that was nice too
Congrats 
Of course study until you're getting the grades you want and box check your application with shadowing, research and volunteering. More than anything find hobbies you enjoy that make you stand out from other applicants. For me that was being a Spanish major, playing the classical guitar and lifting. They really eat that kind of stuff up
Anyone else ego lift too much.  Come in planning to do high volume but see the guy next to you squatting 275 for reps, so you work up to 315 for reps of 10, then realize your legs are shot and you don't have the energy to get through anything else you had planned for leg day, so leg day just essentially became squat day
Pretty much every day. I have to force my self not to give a shit but high rep get that pump so I try to justify it like that haha
nah brah. Do calves. Still productive on legs but low energy that allows you to recover in time for leg press or leg extensions. 
it's pretty retarded
I know, he's a cringy meme
I've been making strength gains on bench, but my chest still looks like a 12 year old girls first day of puberty
What I've been doing the last few weeks is a GVT style routine that is crushing my chest.  DB flat bench 10x10 with 60 second rest and SS with cables.   Then on the next chest day I do that same, but with incline DB press and cables. 
Trying it right now. Ill tell you how it goes
It shouldn't take more than 8 hours.
Salty?
What he's saying isn't true but dude, seriously you have to stop taking people, like him, like me, that serious on this sub. 
improper meme usage      thats a demerit
Does changing my Upper Body Power day on PHAT defeat the purpose? I changed it to a Back/shoulder with the same exercises as the power day with Rows, Pull ups, OHP but I also added Some rear delt work, lat raises, upright rows, straight arm pull downs, and some sideways seated pull downs. The added exercises are sets of 8-12 and I didn't know if they would be defeating the Power Day purpose? I also made altercations to add the other half of the Power upper on wednesday so I only have sunday off.
Stay the course and you might end up with a bf though. 
Is there really a big difference in difference in different excersises offer than hitting different parts?  For example, instead of DB Flys, incline flys, incline bench, and bench, couldn't you just halve that and do incline bench and BB bench?
Free leffen
Free leffen
They employ different muscles. It sometimes depends on your anatomy. E.g. some people might not feel barbell bench in their chest so much because their triceps do most of the work, so they'd do more flyes, which doesn't incorporate triceps.  Just do what you feel hits your chest best and switch it up every so often
"Tough-ass" marine that threatened my life is squatting on the smith machine
What the fuck did you just say to me? I'll have you know... 
That I just prefer the smith machine. that is all 
Hit my first workout in a month this morning. Business skewl has wrekt my schedule bros. Feelzbadman. But I'm done making BS excuses. Back on the routine
What would you rather have, unbalanced biceps because your left arm has a shitty insertion, or matching biceps because both sides have shitty insertions?
I-incision? Please tell me that you're joking
Nah Bro I'm talking about when surgeons invade enemy terretory
So you finally googled "incursion," eh?
I mean, not hours, but I definitely reasesrched my stuff before I started going to the gym 
I didn't research anything, first 6 months I saw almost zero results due to what I got to hear from a PT. That was nice too. Better doing what this poor fella did. 
...how do you expect him to know how to do a squat then?
It's pretty intuitive, if anything I googled it for a minute to see how someone would do it, didn't analyze Alan thrall and rippetoe videos... Just seems weird to me. I started lifting way before I started fully researching anything in depth so it strikes me as strange that you would commit yourself to learning everything about lifting before even touching a weight.
Some people are way more analytic than you. It's cool, bro. a
Lol ok buddy. Analyze your grammar.
Can we step away from lifting for a second and talk about finding happiness and life in general?  I'm starting to wonder if happiness truly exists.  Is there anyone on here who can say they're happy with their life and actually mean it?  I've been seriously unsatisfied with my life for about 4 years now and honestly I don't see the point in life anymore.  I basically hop from one low-income, boring job to another only to find myself coming home after work, workout and go to bed, rinse and repeat.  I just can't seem to find anything that would seriously make me happy (except for a partner I guess, but I haven't found the one yet)  It seems all I'm really doing is dying.   So what makes YOU happy and why?
I'm going through something similar. Work, eat, work out, sleep, repeat. Every day. Video games when I'm bored. Got a girlfriend, so that's nice. Got friends who go out a lot, and I go out with them too, but prefer to stay in most weekends.   I'm starting to see myself as already in a very comfortable nightmare.   What am I doing? I'm reviving old hobbies. I truly believe that a mans purpose in life is to build and create with his own two hands. I've tried everything from jewelry making, to fly-tying, woodworking, etc.   Build something. Anything. Get some damn Lego's if you have to. Don't use video games though- they trick you into thinking you're building something, but you're really not. And this is coming from a hardcore WoW player who has also played all of the Elder Scrolls games for thousands of hours.  
WoW player checking in...  I get what you mean but making small things just doesn't seem to do it. It's like they don't affect my 'progress' as a person, as retarded as that may sound.
Know exactly what you're talking about - While being unemployeed (for the last month) I've played wow  for about 15 days.  I didn't subscribe for another month because the grind is so fucking addictive, really feels like you're building something. I've had the exact same addiction back in vanilla/tbc, just didn't think it would hit me as hard this time. 
This guy right here - revive old hobbies to bring fun and new exciting experiences back around. Trying shit out is different and pulls away from regular life.
Hey man, first of all, I don't think there IS a purpose in life. You decide what your purpose(s) is. Plain and simple.  I have two suggestions for ya.    1. Set short-term goals and actively pursue achieving them, all the while appreciating the journey. This allows you to periodically stop and look at your own successes. You can say "damn, that work week sucked, but I sure as shit finished that puzzle (or whatever you enjoy)."  2. Do what makes you smile. It sounds simple, but for me, if I have had a tough few days I go play disc golf. Being outdoors and playing disc just makes me happy. It helps keep me centered and refreshed.  I hope this helps you and that you find yourself reinvigorated with life one way or another. 
I'm completely happy with my life currently.  Do I think there is room for improvement? Sure, there always is.  But i'm quite happy with my life and if i died tomorrow I would have no regrets and be happy with the life I left behind.   I have a good job, decent salary, awesome gf, and I live my life every day how I choose.  I lift, eat and rave. I travel and I try to live my life to the fullest.  This makes me happy and feel fulfilled, but what that is for each person is very individual and you will have to find that on your own.   Having a positive mindset is an extremely powerful tool, and just that alone can completely change the way you live your life and the way others view you.  You see life through a lense, and which lense you view it through is your choice which has a connotation towards everything you do in your day.   Live a positive life, friend.  GL
Sometime, I read somewhere, for happiness, you need three things.  1. Something to do.  2. Something to look forward too. 3. Someone to love.   For me personally, the most important thing to keep up is looking forward to something. People to love I have around me, something to do has been easy since I have been working, then traveling, then working, then traveling etc..   But what I find, is that you always have to have goals, and work towards them. You don't have to reach these particular goals, they can change. But the fact that you are working towards a goal gives every day meaning, and that is incredibly important. Find that, and enjoy the small things in life.  
I'm happy when I don't have these thoughts of existence. It's a good thing to introspect and plan your future accordingly, but you just kind of have to take it as it comes for a lot of the time.  Live in the present but plan your future realistically.
Back in college I got tossed aside by this gorgeous girl. We casually dated for a while then she ghosted me and it hurt quite a bit. Before today's workout I decided to look her up on FB.  It is petty and all around kind of shitty, but it feels really good knowing that I look better today than I ever have, while she has clearly gained weight.
genetics vs hard work lol
That not petty man that's fucking motivation. Keep improving your self and let the rest of the world get lazy. 
Bro you know what's going to feel even better when that girl see's you in person looking better than you've ever looked.
Text based messages (facebook, text message, Reddit) always make me sound like an asshole. I'm just super brief, concise, and to the point. Because it's print. You have a question I have an answer. Done.   Fuckers keep thinking I'm being a dick. I just don't see any point to make responses longer than they need to be. Sometimes no is enough. 
I hear you. I've had colleagues at work complain about my emails. Apparently not finishing your email with a happy face emoji and exclamation point means you're being a threatening dick. I hate my generation sometimes.
I hate my generation almost unendingly. We get a few social things right, but then fuckers take it to extremes on Tumblr. 
What if I'm unable to type long responses without it feeling forced and autistic?
Just like you learned to squat, you can learn to text with personality. 
Who squats with personality? Sit, Stand, Repeat.  
Girls overthink things and always will
I've studied legal and technical writing. I've condensed 150 page reports into 50.   I feel you.
Why do you have to be concise while using print? 
Just one of those days where I feel extra big. Ya' feel me?
Yes  In a bad way  BulkGameStrong
Bloated because i've been eating the whole day - yes.
Not even double bw smh
Lol ikr what a pussy
I'll postpone the celebrations until I've rectified my wrong doings
Finally commited to the winter bulk. Time to stock up on more XL sweater to hide all the fat.
My workout tank tops are getting tight around the midsection area. I choose to believe that my abs are getting bigger.
I wish I could have the gym high 24/7. Depression and anxiety can suck my left nut 
Hey Bro. Before you go to bed, write 3 things you're proud you did today. When you wake up, read that list. Do this daily. Practice positive self talk and positive image. Helps with the depression.    anxiety is a bitch though. 
I'm definitely look into that. Thanks 
Instead of my normal 2 hr workout then cardio, im going to go about an hour then cardio then another hour. We'll see how this goes in a few weeks
Damn man, how many days do you do this per week??
Three hours of driving down - 7 hours to go. I love seeing my family and lifting with my brother, but good lord this blows 
Obviously doesn't blow enough to spring for a plane ticket.
Can I get a quick rundown on carbs for bulking? I had a great keto cut which included almost no carbs, I've been bulking for about two months now (planning to go through the end of the year) and I'm just never sure if I'm consuming too many/too little carbs. Got fats and protein dialed in. Should I just be adding a carb to two or three of my meals each day (I eat five or six) or more? Usually carbs would be a piece of fruit or bread, sometimes pasta. Any advice is appreciated.
If you really have protein and fats dialed in, carbs should really just make up whatever calories you have left to hit your caloric goal.
What do you guys do on leg day? I feel like the workouts usually fall short for me.
I split my leg day into two-one for quads, one for hamstrings/glutes. Like that a lot.
I work my legs twice a week and do the same both days. Two workouts for hamstrings, two for calves, squats, leg extensions. 
Squats, deadlifts and calf raises.
Squat or Deadlift heavy AF  Leg press for reps  Single Leg shit  Hamstring/Glute shit  Calves shit  5 exercises. Not super sexy, but it hits it all and allows me to walk the next few days. 
This, basically
Most my workouts are just templates. 
Squats  SLDL  Lunges  Leg curls  Leg extensions  Calf raises
Lunges  Squats  Leg Press  Leg Extensions  Standing Calf Raises  Seated Calf Raises  RDLs  Good Mornings  Lying Leg Curls
Curls
A man after my own heart
Posted this a few days ago but didn't get many answers, so fuck it.  How exactly is linear progression supposed to work? I do 4 x 5 for the big three on their respective strength days. So is linear progression moving up 5-10 lbs a week on every set and successfully completing every rep? Or is it like moving up on one set, completing it and then dropping for the remaining sets and completing them? All my lifts are in the intermediate range if it matters.
Sure.   Linear progression means if you charted progress, it should go up, up, and up. This contrasts with Undulating Progression which would be intentionally mixing Really heavy with lower with Moderate with Lower with Maximal with moderate.   Whatever you choose to chart as your progress (whether one set, weight, reps, whatever) that should just be going upwards. 
Linear progression is doing the same rep scheme each week and increasing slightly the weight. But if your lifts are in the intermediate range you should do a program with progressive overload which is proven to be more effective for non beginners lifters (increasing the weight each week but also changing the rep scheme) 
This would be something like 5-3-1 right?
Yeah 
She probably thought it was funny
Nah, she probably thought it was insignificant and says have a nice day when he leaves because that's part of her job. 
Yeah she seems nice so I'd imagine she says it to most everyone leaving. But still. I need to work on not doing dumb shit like that haha.
False. Dumb shit is adorable. You just gotta learn how to laugh it off with them and you're golden. 
Can confirm. After I workout im borderline retarded and some/do really dumb shit (walk into shit, stutter) and when i do it around a girl its both a convo starter and a way to show a sense of hunor. Has gotten me laid thrice this semester  
Please share your wisdom haha 
Honestly man u just fake the confidence until you have it. Someone told me that when I was like 13 and it stuck. U see those dad bods with the hot chics? Cause they know they're the man. Thats the mind set you need and to not care if u get rejected. I get rejected all the time and its nothin
Can confirm. I worked front desk at a gym before. We're explicitly told to greet every single person who enters and leaves....
This story confuses me. Did you smash or not? It's not clear from the original text.
Nah fam I spun her around, goosed her, and then she Zoidberg'd out my bedroom door, gobbling like a turkey
My grill commented on a pic I sent her earlier and told me that I now have "side muscles." I asked her to try and describe where they were and she told me they were next to my arms on my torso.. she called lats "side muscles."
That's adorable
I've been told "I didn't even know you could have muscle in that area", puts a smile on my face every time 
Boom, roasted
Thanks for the cardio reading bro
The grass is always greener on the other side. I am the same.   Trying to recomp naturally is a waste for the most part, you'll just be spinning your wheels.   Give my routine a try, you might like it.
Take breaks if you want. Once I start feeling too fluffy or simply get tired of eating so much / lose my appetite a bit I do a 1-2 week mini cut.  
Just alternate between cutting and bulking every day. Problem solved.
Felt pretty great lately about about my progress so I decided to post in mirin Monday for the first time, ended up getting down voted lol. Guess I'll check back in after I hit 200.
Posting this here recently my lower back is getting smoked during leg days. Especially on hack squat days.  My lower back becomes incredibly tired for the rest of the session and it does affect my other exercises.  I'm kind of throwing hyper extension's in anything else I can do to solve this?
Phrasing
10/10 would shit on back.
Switch to PHUL and take two rest days between power and hyper work?
So you think working 4 days PHUL is better for hypertrophy than working 5 days on PPL?
I think for your time constrained schedule it's better. You'll get a similar amount of volume, it's just a matter of upper/lower split vs push/pull split and leg days. It's simply more compact. It's worked for me since April. I've put on 20 lbs of mass and dropped 20 lbs of fat as well as seen my lifts all go up.
That looks fine, tbh. You can tweak that template to make it work for a 4 day split. I don't know if I would do heavy deads 2x/week. That's a lot of taxation on the CNS. I also wouldn't really do incline bench on the same day as heavy bb bench because if you're already fatigued you won't be able to get optimal volume/intensity on your hyper work. That said, you have a pretty good exercise selection to start.  I would split it up similarly to PHUL, and add Pendlay rows/OHP to your strength work. The best advice I ever got from a coach/trainer was "look at the exercises you hate to do the most, and then do them the most." This is because if you hate something you tend to avoid it, and then you end up with muscular imbalances from neglecting the associated muscle groups. 
Possibly drop to a 5 day a week program and then your 2 days off fits perfectly. I take two consecutive days off per week and that's what I did for a while. You're a beginner so it doesn't really matter what program you're doing as long as it has enough volume. 
And which 5day program do you recommend to me? 
PHAT
Honestly I don't have a good answer for you. I'm more on the powerlifting spectrum. Maybe someone else will have a better answer. 
UL PPL or some variation. 
It's possible that they are easier on your lower back due to a mobility issue. How wide is your stance and how tall are you? You may just need to squat wider due to your proportions.
Im 5'10 and have narrow shoulders but Im still a bit winder than shoulder width. Granted I basically go until I "bottom out" which is past parallel and i could maybe stop at parallel. But Im also working on Anterior pelvic tilt issues because my backside is hella tight and my core is weak from neglecting it.
A little wider than shoulder width isn't bad. Any chance you can video it?
I can try to take one next time I do legs.
Yea. Post it and tag me.
Day 3 of dnp over didn't notice anything yet a little more night sweats then usual but nothing crazy. Don't know if it's the melatonin but man these dreams I've been having are weird haa dream I was in a horror movie shit was actually scary but by the time I wake up I can barely rember the dream. Whatever onto day 4 lets go 
Yeah man is she on birth control? Sounds like she's got some anxiety issues
No birth control.  Catholic fam and her mom would freak. Didn't want to go behind back
She could make the argument to her parents that it's better for regulating her period? Idk man, most chicks I know are on it regardless of religious beliefs. Could always look into spermicides, Plan B pills, etc. But yeah, I think there's an underlying issue here. Using a condom should be good enough.
Her mom religiously shamed her for inquiring about it. Took her to the doctor and her mom requested prescription dosed ibuprofen or something instead of BC.  Her mom is a nut. It is very frustrating but something I'll just have to deal with for the time being.  
Mother's in law, man
Yeah, tell me about it.  I'm waiting for my girlfriend to mature a little more. She shouldn't be okay with how her mom acts, haha. That's the worst part.
If your mother in law's beliefs are affecting your sex life, you got bigger problems than sex my friend.
I know, brother. But like I said in another comment I want to stick this out for as long as possible. She really is a great girl. 
Yeah sounds amazing. Controlled by her parents and has major anxiety issues. Some people you just can't fix, homie 
You're right buddy. We're only a few months past 1.5 years though. I'm young I'll see how it pans out.  First genuinely nice girl I've ever been with so it's kind of worth sticking out in my mind.  Maybe a little down the road I'll have wish I'd listened to you, and if that's the case thanks for the advice, man.
I never said it made sense. That's just my life man, I'm there with you.
You're right, man
How could someone put up with such paranoia on a regular basis???
I dated a few Roman Catholic girls, and from what I've learned, anal doesn't count as sex.  God doesn't even notice, unless you summon him by name during orgasm (kind of like CandyMan)
How old are you guys? Why is her mother's opinion on BC the only one that seems to matter?  I don't blame her for being worried, I'm the same way. My suggestion is to alwayyyyys use a condom. Set the habit now, because if you tell yourself you'll go in without protection, you will be more likely to do it again.
19 is old enough to make one's own decisions in life. Perhaps it is time that two consenting adults make their own choices.
had a dream i competed in physique but didnt know any poses and just held a back double bi for 4 minutes. turned to the front and tried to flex abs but i was fat.
Bae made me a giant ass brotein pancake last night, but I was too stuffed to eat enough of it. The next step was really the only logical thing to do...  Waterpancake
Don't worry, you'll find a way to mess it up
You should try fucking him and see if it's like sticking something in your own ass
Does anyone else train upper body like a bodybuilder and legs like a power lifter? I hate doing anything over 6 reps for squats 
Anything over 5 reps feels weird for squats. I love high rep deadlifts though, nothing gives quite the same feeling
I train the big three like a powerlifter but everything else like a bodybuilder. 
I do.  I'm honestly not a fan of the giant bodybuilding legs, but trainning like a powerlifter still lets me get enough size to not look like I skip leg day.  I'm also into acrobatics/tumbling/martial arts so the higher center of gravity from not having gigantic legs makes it easier to flip in the air. Plus the strength gains help my vertical.  I don't think I'll  ever start training my legs like a bodybuilder. It's hard and I'm more worried about having athletic legs than giant ones.
Low reps on squat and legpress, high on knee extensions, hips, hamstrings, calves 
Yea but sometimes I increase volume for legs if my squat is stuck
Last leg day I warmed up with 10 reps of 135. Threw on another plate and hit that six times. Then I just started adding 10s, 5s, and 2.5s after doing so 5 reps. By my 8th set I squatted 275 for 3 because I couldn't hit another. Went back to to two plates and hit five times and then one more set of 135 ass to grass.  69 reps in total so I feel like I got the best of both worlds here.
That's a quick recipe for awesome gains.  Some of the best benchers in the world train their bench like bodybuilders
I'm training PPL and benching 5x5 twice a week. So Push A is something like BB bench 5x5 and Flat DB bench 3x8-12 and Push B is BB bench 5x5 and Incline DB bench 3x8-12. Currently benching 92 kg (202 lbs) 5x5 and I'd love to hit that 2 plate (100 kg/220 lbs) before Christmas. Would you suggest doing higher reps on BB bench on one of the days?
Can I use this template for other lifts too? or is this only for bench  what would max reps be on the 1st set of db incline bench?
I never thought about it but that's exactly what I do. 
still don't know how people deadlift/squat on the same day
Control your intensity and volume. It's not that bad. 
true. i'm doing 5x5 for squats and typically 3x5 for deads so doing both would be hard
me. I never go too high reps for squats or deads. 
You don't have no damn 12" arms. Unless you're talking forearms haha
PUMPkin 
Dem anabolic pumpkins. 
I feel like I was there because I watched your snapchat. 
do you really only have 12" arms?
He was talking about his baby arm
About 13" with a pump but when I wake up right under 12
Flexed or unflexed?
Flexed 
Measured around the wrists, right?
liar
You're the worst.
yes he's actually 4 feet tall as well so it all works out proportionally 
every time someone compliments my arms i instinctively deflect and say "nah im just short." 
6'2 with 16s. My go to response is to laugh and say nah I'm small as fuck brah
That's exactly what I'm at  I just wonder how people can think 16s on my long ass arms qualify as being big
6'2" with 15s here ...  feelin' smaller by the day ...
Please tell me you hit a double bicep after he said that. Lie to me if you have to.
He did, I saw him do it.
Looks like you got a sponsor.
My wet dream is to be sponsored by a grocery store. Holy shit could you imagine? 
So this guy I occasionally train with brought his girlfriend to gym yesterday. I havnt seen her in about two years and she doesn't speak English so well. She goes "wow. You many different. More muscle. More big.".  Fuuaaark.. She then turned to her boyfriend and says "your arm smaller".  Dude almost cried. Living off this high until I die. 
Went to church this morning for the first time in months with my family. The only thing I could think about while everyone was singing was how good my arms must've looked in that godly lighting. 
Make the move on the momma. 
Realized that my right tricep insertion is different than my left so my right will always look smaller no matter what I do.   Nobody will ever love me now.
Doing bent over rows. Grill comes over and moves a bench right next to me. like oddly close. W/e she looks good AF. Crack into my next set 6 reps in..oh no. I fart so loud i can hear it over my own music. Not good. I fail early from laughter. 
You guys know that post-workout feeling of energy, happiness, socialness, etc?  Yeah, how do I get that 24/7 without being in the gym 24/7??
Cocaine
You can develop a post workout light routine like 20 push-ups 20 crunches 20 jumping jacks 20 burpees. So on your off days you do this routine to start your day or before you go out and hopefully your mind associates this with your post workout routine and you trick your mind to thinking you did a full workout. You get it?   Kinda like a plavov's bro 
Day 5 as a father. I struggle to find time in my day to poop myself. Totally off my diet and lifting routine. Damn. Being a parent is hard. 
lift kid alot. problem solved.
They make adult diapers. js
They stop shitting as much after a month or so.  Enjoy the mustard in the mean time.
At least it doesn't smell. 
Thanks. he already has better calves than me. 
Maybe in like a year. I just want some sleep and control over my life lol. 
For all three of mine there was a noticeable difference in sleep and schedule issues by 6 weeks, another really noticeable change again around 6 months, and by a year they have all consistently slept through the night.  You've got this, the first couple weeks are the hardest
No, Goodbye to the rest of your life.  Nothing will ever be the same again.  Hello to your new life, an amazing one full of wonderful moments with a person that loves you and depends on you absolutely.  Being a parent is what you make it. It can be a chore, or it can be the greatest reward in life.  Choose the latter, and you'll have a best friend, that looks forward to seeing you every day, looks up to you, and thinks everything you do in life is the greatest thing on earth. 
lol ty man. I mean more getting sleep and getting back to lifting. 
n-suns with the sage ass dad advice. Reading your comments makes me look forward to having a mini me one o these days. 
You make me want to have  a kid. 
Loved it. Very well said.
Why would you want to poop yourself anyways?
feels so good man. 
somebody's been spending too much time with the baby
Bro you think they care that you fell over and got a case of the shakes?  Crossfitters bury one of their own at least once a week, they don't have time for your shit.  On a serious note I would think about seeing a doctor, stay safe bro.
Someone says something stupid.  I'd like to argue. 
zyzz was overrated
Um this is a dead srs reply.  He was overrated.
U fucking wat m8
Fight me.
U mirin?
Go to my history and find something you like the look of 
Legs are extremely important 
This isn't stupid. They are important
Kettle bell swings are the best exercise for calf development 
The Emperor is but a rotting corpse on the golden throne. Chaos is the one true path to humanity's salvation. 
Females shouldn't lift weights otherwise they'll end up looking like chyna from wwf, they should stick to cardio.
And guys shouldn't take steroids because that'll make them too big. 
reverse grip close grip bench press is great for targeting and toning the inner chest 
That's the stupidest shit I've ever seen.
Bradley will be doing this next but therell be girls on either side of the bar
Except this guy is serious.  He goes to my gym.
I like to cycle my protein to keep my liver and kidneys in check. Also, something something post-workout anabolic window.
This actually made me lol really hard
Ronnie Coleman was natty during his Olympia reign and only hopped on to preserve mass as he aged afterwards
Well I saw him buy creatine at Gnc in 1996 so he's definitely not natty
Plus he's been on the cream his whole career. Dudes a fake natty
Late post but I hit 550 on back squats today. Thanks brodin for these sweet gainz.
There's only 10 weeks left in 2016. When the fuck did that happen?
Out of nowhere today I finally felt a lot of emotions that had built up and cried.  I don't have anyone to share that with so I thought I'd post here.
Fuuuaaarck did I just miss a signal here? I was walking past the study room in my dorm where 2 grills I sort of know were doing homework or something like that. We chat for a bit (ask about each others weekends, etc) and then suddenly one of them asks me,  "Hey you probably have homework too huh?"  "Yeah but I don't plan on starting for awhile."  "Why?"  "I just don't feel like it."   "Why?"  "Idk I'm lazy."   Then she says, "Uggghhhh wow." So I left lol. In hindsight it seems they may have been inviting me to study with them. I really had no idea at the time. I probably came off standoffish AF.
Looooong time lurker/poster with new account here.   Life's been interesting lately bros. Extremely busy with grad school, so very little time for gym unfortunately but also incredibly grateful to have the opportunity to pursue something that I absolutely love so much.   Obligatory overly-optimistic "hope you all kill your lifts today" message. 
I literally ate nothing but chocolate muffins today. 
Take a seat next to me on the dreamer train friend
dream on, dreamer
Does she not want to talk to you because she's embarassed? thats the only way that could make sense
Yea as she's making out with the dude she saw me and pushed him away. OMG I THOUGHT THAT WAS YOU. Well it wasn't girl 
Was he bigger than you
Saw a guy with no arms at the gym today working out. I almost started crying. It was beautiful and sad at the same time. Imagine not being able to beat off or doing bicep curls. But again I was so amazed that this guy was out doing legs and shit. Really inspiring and humbling. Forever thankful that I'm healthy.  Cherish life y'all 
Holy hell, never thought about those guys can't beat it is feel so bad for them now
People keep asking to work out with me and I just want to lift alone.   I appreciate the compliments but leave me to rage out with the iron by myself. 
Okay looking past the gyno, what the fuck is even the context of this? Why is he wearing that costume? Who is madbrad-2808 and why is Don Draper there?
I'm thinking maybe he used to be obese and that's extra flab he's trying to get rid of? Maybe a transgender and those are actually fucking breasts? Man the more I type the more possibilities run through my mind...
ditched halfway through a jason derulo concert for the gym because I sobered up and got bored.   at least I have my autism for company, r-right guys?
JAY SAHN DA RULE-OH  Every fucking song.  God I hate that guy.
What's with all the jailbait in gyms? I look over at some girl and she looks damn fine, then I get closer and she's probably 16.  Wat
I figure I will just get a shirt that says "Are you at least 18?"  I don't have to take my headphones out.  I look at her, she looks at me, I tap the shirt, she nods, but she's nodding to two dudes behind me who put a sack over my 30yo head and beat me with hammers. 
So I'm just starting to get my shit back together- I've started getting to the gym (though a little sporadic) and have done my meal prep. I'm in a hopeless situation money wise (haven't even played for school yet) but given my circumstances I'm just trying not to think shitty thoughts.   Hold me bros
Weekend in Nashville went almost perfect. Concert on Friday, wedding on saturday. The new grill is in my book a 10/10. Only bad thing was after a shitload of yuengling at the concert, it took a couple minutes to get things going, but no worries we got there. It was touch and go for a minute.   Fuck my bank account though. Oh well. I got a fresh pair of Nikes and laid all weekend. It couldn't have gone much better.
How many did you buy
yes
Just got a nice new mattress and holy shit is the quality of my sleep so much better, workouts feel so much better with less aches and tightness and I have way more energy even rolling off the caffeine / stims a bit.  Yeah it's expensive but I'll probably spend just as much on protein and shit over the next several years that I have it, if you're talking supps and equipment and shit I think improving your sleep situation should be in the convo as well.
New gym crush, never seen her before, she deads 240 for reps and has a bigass butt   please crush me with your thighs
Down 5lbs on this "bulk". Between working almost every day 10-14 hours of physical work and hitting the gym every night it's a struggle haha. Been eating 3500-3800 calories a day and still losing weight. But I've been making strength gains every workout, looking more muscular, and I'm pretty sure the weight I'm losing is just fat. We're all gonna make it, right babe?
Crazy weekend. Ending it sitting on my balcony smoking outta my pipe (tobacco not weed). At peace rn
Decided to start bulking after walking past a buff guy in my hall on his way to take a shower last night. So that happened.   
Truly puzzling.
Was working out with 2 buddies at my uni gym and I see this fat af, short asian guy trying to bench 2 plates. So I'm like ok interesting I wanna see this. He has his extremely skinny DYEL friend spotting him. He unracks the weight, pushes up with all his might, and it moves about 3 inches. He lets out the biggest squeal that attracts the attention of that entire vicinity of the gym. Shit you not, the bar is completely crooked and it's tilting back about to fall on his neck while he pushes to no avail. No big deal, he has a spotter right? Wrong, this DYEL dude just stands there with a worried face not helping him at all. 2 dudes had to come running to help him pick up the weight from both sides. I feel bad that I almost shit my pants laughing at the whole situation.
I know correlation does not imply causation and all that. But every squat PR I've ever set has been while listening to Meshuggah. Coincidence? I think not.   Any of you blokes got a certain band/album/song you use for a specific lift?
In that vain, I think rear delt development is one of the main ways to see who is serious about lifting. I always mire sick rear delts
I think joocy traps add a lot to a physique, and it's easy to let them get behind when other muscle groups take a higher priority.
Nothing looks better than a nice delt and trap pump put together. 
Strange weekend, hold me
Someone please take me through your tinder game. I get plenty of matches, but my autism suddenly becomes strong AF, when i have to start a conversation. Could someone explain how they get it going ?
We legit need to have a sticky about "How to Talk to Grills on Tinder". I feel like the question comes up at least a couple times a week in the DD. PS pm me and I'll walk you through it.
Bro... if you're even autistic behind your phone then you're honestly fucked. 
Im not that autistic in real life - but when i cant see peoples reaction and bodylanguage im incapable of carrying a conversation 
Did my first show last weekend. So this week I've been eating what I want including alot of emotional/stress eating. Gained 14lbs in a week, time to recut before winter bulk.
Pledgeship has me not lifting as regularly so I value the time I spend in the gym even more. 
I saw my roommate's pledge schedule, that shit is more intense than classes. I would never do it.
How much of an incline should you have on your incline dumbbell bench
Mix it up. More upright, more delts get involved.
I go with the first one that isnt flat
It should be at 36.469891259 degrees for optimal gains. Set it to anything else and the exercise becomes catabolic.
Yeah I made that mistake, i used to Incline bench 450lbs, but I fucked the angle up and I've been stuck at less than 1 plate ever since
Apparently a Costco Danish is 500 calories. So I guess two of them have to be 1000 calories. The cut is taking a break right now but I need to freeze these or die. Or throw them out.
About 15 seconds. 
serious question fellas. How many of you would consider yourself womanizers? Do you ever think you will settle down? I feel like resisting temptation is the key to being a good boyfriend. rather, these feelings of wanting to smash hoes will never go away. Someone talk to me about it please. 
I will continue fucking chicks without commitment until I find one worth settling down for, and based on what I've seen of most American women, that could be a while.
I'm doing a 1 rep max test in one of my courses this week. Any tips so I can get the most out of it?
so I was texting a girl and showing her pictures of some furniture I just made, and she jokingly says "oh thank you for building those they will look great in my room". I jokingly tell her to settle down, before showing her how I'm integrating phone charging into the tables. She then says "I wish I was useful in that area of wood making lol"  help me bros i don't know what to do
You should post pictures of your sick table.  I'd offer advice about the girl but I'm autistic as fuck so nah.
She wear earrings n shit? Make her a jewelry box. Nothing too fancy. But a little fancy. Watch the panties drop.
Say "you're useful in another area of wood making"  also something something broad back
She's double texting like a champ, indicating she's either really bored or completely DTF, and it sounds like the latter. Make us proud bby. Expect to see your story about smashing in the DD on Saturday.
Just ordered 200g of adrol... I'm excited
Anadrol or adroll? One is a steroid and one is an adhd medication. Both equally exciting
Actually now that I think about it 200g is a fuck load of adhd medication
Fuck ton of both really hahaha
Can anyone explain to me what causes your vascularity to increase so significantly after eating hella carbs/poptarts/junkfood? Last night I binged and holyfuck afterwards my veins were insane, never before have they popped out that much while resting. Is it the fact that glycogen storages get filled up and "push" the veins farther out? I have no idea tbh. 
Hating drunk me from saturday night right now.   Could barely shampoo my hair without some pain in my wrist. No lift until that heals up.   I think I jammed it in the fall and it needs some time. I have mobility in the wrist, just some pain when i lift something, move the wrist too fast... everything really. No swelling.   Feels better than yesterday. Im hopeful it doesnt take too long. I just got back to the grind, man.
At the gym toilet, almost shat myself during squatting 150kg x5 , had to stop at 3 and take a shit. Back out there for set nr 2. Wish me luck bros.
Grill asked if she could use the 5's that were on the rack that's connected to the behind the neck pull down I was using soooo how many wedding invites do I need to send out rsvp pls
What's your go to meal at chipotle?
Triple chicken Burrito bowl, brown rice, black beans, lots of salsa
Burrito bowl with  double chicken (always let them put the first scoop in before asking for double. They'll make the first scoop big then when you ask for a 2nd they'll know they can't go smaller than the first scoop, so it's like triple chicken) Medium/hot hot sauce, cheese, guac, lettuce and black beans 
What's the fastest you guys have ever bulked?   I'm aiming to gain 5-10kg until NYE, not sure how feasible that is
Feasible in that it will all just be fat, and idk why you'd want that. 
Describe what an anime about bodybuilding would be like? Types of characters, plot, and general anime hi-jinks?
Hope you bros slayed it with the women and the weights this weekend. We're all making it
Is Arnold's encyclopedia the best book on leaning which workouts to activate which muscles. I'm learning slowly through YouTube but I'd like a book to reference if I wanna add an accessory and know what lift will affect what muscle 
Bodybuilding.com is solid for this AFAIK
Yup, I frequently look up their 10 second "how to" exercise videos just to see what all muscles are worked
I need some Halloween costume ideas yall, whatcha got? 
How many days per week do you train?
6
3
Not sure if this was supposed to be a response to someone, but if you're just polling, 6-7 for me
The more I see people who struggle with their weight, the more thankful I am for bodybuilding. I'm so used to being able to control my weight to the ounce that I take it for granted and forget normal people can't.
Nah, they totally can. They just don't
Usually back off by 2-3 weeks worth of weight for the next session then go up in normal increments again. Might want to slow the increments but depends how heavy things are getting. 
Went up on my deads and my squats after stalling for quite some time. I was struggling on my normal weight, but decided to say fuck it, and go up anyway. Hit it just fine and felt just as stable. Probably gonna go up again next week.   Just goes to show that sometimes the solution is to just stop being a bitch. 
Ever tried trying?
Weird fucking night 
Do tell
holy shit
Any Jeepers in r/bb? Just bought a 98 Grand Cherokee Limited 5.9 and I'm pretty pumped about it. 
Only one rule. You fucking wave back if they're in a jeep.
Where are more the new bodybuilding safe heavens located at? referring to boards or places to just get information
www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding
You sound pretty strong if you get the 80kg for 6, the belt should help a ton, also make sure you're bracing and using your core properly, which is probably useless advice if you have that ohp.
I'm thinking about subbing out weighted dips for flat DB press on my push days. The movement is messing with my elbow and shoulders. 
they're both really solid exercises, generally you can go heavier on the dips tho which is (IMO) the advantage to doing it
Look like shit so I'm cutting. All supermarkets starting to stock Christmas shit. Great. Also seeing as I'm new to this. I'm going to be using ephedrine when it finally arrives. I've been told it's mainly good for appetite suppression. but I've also been told to not go deep calorie deficit. What do?
Bought new underwear, holy fuck, amazing.  It's a new experience for me.  Also been told my butt looks amazing, I'm a dude, but squats paying off I guess?
Gotta share what kind you bought man. Share the wealth with the rest of us. 
Fruit of the Loom.  Best shit ever
I'm at a new friends place. Met her just last week. We're watching stranger things together. Let's see how this goes bbys
OP it's been 20 minutes how are things  are you doing the nasty  is u ded
Clearly nowhere if you're posting here
Does anyone else train upper body like a bodybuilder and legs like a power lifter? I hate doing anything over 6 reps for squats 
2 hot sluts negate the 2 days of missed gym. its simple mass-ematics 
Is it normal for rapid weight gain at the start of a bulk? Also narrow stance ATG smith machine squats are bomb for a leg day burnout 
More than likely water weight due to influx of lots of carbs your body isn't used to seeing. Your weight should level out in a couple weeks depending on how big of a bulk.
Literally so pumped for push day tomorrow. 
Training arms is both my favorite and least favorite training day. I get a sick ass bi/tricep pump, but then the realization hits that I will never be as big as my pump. 
I need help with my yates row form, when im pulling the bar do i aim for my waist/bottom abs or my mid stomach? I can get every muscle in my body sore except for lats which is telling me im doing soemthing wrong
Just because something isn't sore doesn't mean you aren't working it properly...   Focus on keeping elbows in (No flare) and bringing those elbows towards the ceiling. Imagine your hands like little monkey hand grips and imagine moving the weight with just your elbows- an extension of your back. 
I know that, I only get soreness after not having worked out in a long time, rhomboids, shoulders, arms, forearms, calves, thighs, glutes, lower back, Ive always felt soreness evrywhere but in my lats. My elbows are absolutely tucked in and Ive got the elbow movement down so that my biceps arent engaged at all and my back is doing all the work. The only thing that im not entirely sure about is which part of my stomach should i be pulling the bar to best engage my lats? My rhomboids were sore for some reason after my row workout yesterday, so either my lats are immune to soreness or my forms wrong in a way.
yea just meant that i wasnt doin the rookie mistake of having them being the primary engagers. Ill try strictly pulling to lower stomach, maybe switch up between pull downs and rows. thanks 
I met a buddy and we're now gym bros and meet up once a week and work out, but he's been telling me he's working out everyday, and of course it's different muscles each time so he rests the one he worked out the other day. I'm doing 4 time a week, Mon. Tues. and then Thurs. Fri., but what do y'all think a beginner should do?   I'm sticking with my current routine until I increase my weights but I guess the everyday thing would be good after a year or two?
Beginner-full body workouts, focusing on heavy compound lifts 3x per week. Once you get some decent strength going, you can go with a more intermediate program tailored to your goals.
How often do you guys wash towels? I wash mine like once a week, usually one for home and two for gym. Is that enough? 
So, I'm about to go drop my car off at the shop.  My turbo isn't building boost.  Gonna go smash kegs while they figure out the problem.  Should be a start to a good morning.  My car isn't near as fun to drive without the turbo.
I actually own muscle cars.  I've got a Chevelle with a 365 horse 327 in it.  For a daily driver though, small turbo charged all the way.  All the benefits of a 4 cylinder, driveability of a sports car.
What year Chevelle? Pics?
Never know when you'll have to fly home through kegel power like that old lady from American Dad.
Deload week this week and my body sure needs it. Kinda sucks because I know how boring and short the workouts will be this week.
Between sleep and work/school I've only been making it to the gym like 5 times a week. It's pretty frustrating. Also slacked on my calories last week. Gotta kick it in to overdrive this week fellas.
5 days is plenty good.
My deadlift progress has been slowed due to painful calluses. Anybody have advice for that? I have been slowly adapting to hook grip, but it seems to be causing more calluses to form on my thumbs.
2x cement pills
If they're that bad sand them down with a file to keep them under control.   Of course you'll get some from hook grip, what did you expect?
Clips aren't just for little girls dude
Am I the only person that reports shitposts? Once you've left your witty comment or typed "r/fitness" please hit the report button too. 
But they are shittastic. And there are tons of them even with the mods cleaning up. Most of them don't even give you a chuckle, they just invoke the response "r/fitness".
I do the due diligence. You're not alone.
What's wrong with shitposts?
In the dd or separate threads? 
Separate threads.
Have you tried telling him to give you some privacy when you bring grills over
You think I know how to stand up for myself? Chill, man. Jokes aside, I think he actually does have autism so I kinda feel bad trying to correct his social behavior.
Went back on creatine and feel like I have to start all over again from cutting. I know its just water weight but still. 
Sorry but why do you go off creatine? 
Ran out, plus I was on it forever.
If you know it's water weight why do you still feel that way I don't get it
Egocentrism time. I need confidence boost and I know its wrong, but can we talk about how having great physiques have increased our standards with girls, or any occasion where girls (drunk or sober) have ever felt nervous or 'not good enough' for you based solely on physicality? Or a time a girl was 'mirin you for your body or just turned into horny mess for you because of your body.
you have an opportunity to change how they feel. I have one of the better physiques at my uni but honestly i think the reason why ppl are so kind and receptive to me is because of how i make people feel. I've been told that I make whoever i talk to just feel really good about themselves. It's a wonderful feeling to make someone smile or feel good about themselves. let's take your example, where a girl may feel nervous around you because you are so good looking and they aren't some model. For you to look them in the eyes and smile and say something very kind, that could go a long way with them you know? But yes i agree with you about raising standards. I see girls at my uni who look like goddesses and they are all i want. But i think as you get older that type of stuff is less important and the type of women they are is more important.   I think kindness is one of the most important personality traits out there. It means so much when someone who has no reason to be kind to takes their time and shows you true kindness. 
I by no means have a great physique, but if anything being in shape has lowered my standards. Your question sort of devolved after that part, because I can't understand what you're trying to ask.
Hey bby
Guys, I don't mean to post again but I just tried Halo Top for the first time and I ate two whole pints. I could've done a third. Fuck my life. 
If you're eating Halo Top in anything but a cut, you need to evaluate your life choices.
That shit is delicious regardless of the cut. I like it more than regular brands of ice cream
Taste wise, Halo Top is fine but the texture is terrible and it's fucking insanely expensive.  For slightly more carbs you can get Edy's slow churned which is rather legit. 
All the sugar alchohols/whatever the hell they use to make it taste good can really fuck with your digestion though.
I would love to see the muscles on people like Eddy Hall at low bf assuming you could do it with no loss. I bet they'd look like silverback gorillas.
Most Silverbacks are quite chubby.
best tv show ever
Not as big but Dan Green looked sick when he leaned out.
Check out Mariusz Mudzianowski. iirc most accomplished strongman of all time, and is pretty lean.
Niiice. Just found my dream physique.
You mean pudzianowski, right?
Yessir you're correct. He was pretty lean throughout his whole career and his accomplishments are incredible. 5 time WSM, 16 time winner of Strongman Super Series, 6 time Europe's Strongest man, 6 time Polands Strongest Man, 2 time World Strongman Cup Federation Champion, 3 time Worlds Strongest Team winner, and 1 World Strongman Challenge winner.  Excluding his run in the Arnold Strongman Classic(4th, 4th, and 6th place), and his 2004 DQ in the WSM, he's never placed lower than 3rd in competition.  He's also currently an MMA fighter boasting a 9-5-1 record.  The definition of freak.
Freak.  G.O.A.T.  The man, the myth, the legend.  They all fit when you talk about Mariusz.
Mhm. He slimmed down a little after starting his mma training, but right when he switched he was basically a gorilla with gloves. Can you imagine having to step into a ring with him then? I'd shit myself. 
I would like to see him and Brock Lesnar duke it out. Monster vs. Monster.
lesnar would ragdoll him and it wouldn't even  be close
I loved watching him in the strongman games when I was younger. He was a huge inspiration to me to start lifting back then. Guy was a certified freak of nature. 
For me it was Sigmarsson. I would highly recommend a documtentary on youtube about him. Search for sigmarsson larger than life. You'll love it.
He would beat the guys way taller and heavier than him, always loved watching him in strongmen comps 
Yea ask any strongman and they'll tell you big is the goat.
Pudzianowski 
Yeah.. Not sure why my autocorrect fixed something that's not in its vocabulary tbh
I miss this Mariusz. Now he just loses fights and has a goddamn sponsor ad tattoo that covers half of his back.
That's something I've always thought about.  Just how some of the biggest and best would look leaned out.  Pretty amazing to see Zydrunas do it because he was one of the fattest to be honest.
Also just to give a perspective just how much muscle he has, in the after pic he weighs 158kg/350lbs according to his facebook page
Look at George Leeman before and after his cut, I'm sure these guys all would have good physiques if they were lean
These guys are basically King Pin from Marvel. High bodyfat covering a shit ton of muscle.
Even fictional characters sometimes lie to save themselves the pain of reality.
I'm curious how bad his loose skin would be, that's quite the change. Also, what was the time frame?
Admittedly you can't tell either way from this after picture but if he dropped that entire gut I'd bet there is some loose skin around that area. Go look at r/progresspics, there are guys that lost smaller guts and still have loose skin around their stomach.
How can you be so sure? Bennie Magnusson (deadlift world record holder) lost a bunch of weight and now he has some loose skin.
Do you mean Andy Bolton? 
I didn't say "current" world record holder, I just know that at some point he had the record. Although I am pretty sure that he does hold it still and Bolton was the previous record holder.
I mean Bolton lost a shit ton of weight. Benni is still pretty big. 
Benni is doing strongman now, so he's still huge. Bolton has been training strongman too. I wonder if he's going to do it seriously. Didn't Bolton also get injured and have surgery? 
Damn. That sucks for him. Hopefully he is feeling better. 
His record is still that 1015 pull, no? Shit looked so easy to him, he had the best cocky smirk ever while locking out. 
Looked like he could've easily added 10-20 on that pull no joke. 
I agree, he hardly looked like he struggled with it and held it at lock out for a while lol. 
Nah b, I meant Bennie's 1015 pull. Went up very easy and he held it at lockout while smirking at the audience. A thing of beauty, really. 
Yes and that is still the all time deadlift record in powerlifting, no straps and no suit. Eddies 500 kg was with straps and wearing a suit.   Both equally impressive imo but in different sports and under different rules.
I thought his 500 kg was on a standard bar, unless im wrong, the elephant bar record was a while ago
They were both on deadlift bars and I definitely wouldn't call Eddie's 'extremely' hitched
Not to mention Benni's was done in a federation known for using fake plates.
eddie has the strongman WR, benni has the PL record still
Oh ok, thanks for the clarification. 
But did he keep his calves?
Holyshit
My god, they look like a ham with a hand attached to it. 
Sweet calves bro...  Signed Drama
Oberst is very top heavy. His legs are a weak point even for a fat strong man.
Yeah but that has nothing to do with how big his calves got from being overweight.
His calves aren't big, that's my point. Depends on your genes, being fat won't make them bigger.
Oh sorry I thought we were talking about the op guy.
Ah no worries. 
That thick, square jaw makes him look like a robot. He was an absolute tank in WSM
that face will give me nightmares
Need that face on all Terminators.
He's got the squarest jaw I've ever seen.
I've recently been looking at guides for buying sunglasses based on face shape. I thought I had a square-ish face type. Not anymore.
David coulthard wins that one. 
The lines on his face look like he's not meant to be so square.
Human Lego  
You could punch, miss, and still hit that jaw.
I don't understand how you could let yourself go with a jaw like that.
Agreed.    IIRC it's a sign of natural T levels. At some stage he had it in spades.      Also....broad as a barn yard. 
It's a sacrifice, superheavyweights trade their good looks in order to become inhumanly strong. That, I can respect.
Fair enough.
Like Eric Lillebridge or Ray Williams both well over 300 and Ray is right at 400.   But they can both squat insane amounts. Ray just squatted 1005 raw.
That shit was bananas.
Yep, it's a big sacrifice. Look at Ray Williams, he could be a decent looking dude but he chooses to be obese in order to achieve superhuman levels of strength. He is the first human to squat over 1000 lbs WITHOUT wraps, I still cannot wrap my fucking mind over this...
Look up his 500 lb log press. Id look fat for that
Yeah, Savickas is the strongest overhead presser on earth at the moment. Truly inhuman.
The man is literally a fridge
I don't remember him on the Flash
You know what? I'll "literally"give you that one. He cools the area in front of him by consuming it, and heats the area behind him by farting.
Did he stop competing in strongman?
No. He's said a couple of times that he's coming back to strong man. He's had a couple injuries and decided to lean out and get healthier during recovery.   As an aside, he's said he was too big at his biggest and it caused big problems for the stones. 
Gotta get them stones down since its seems they are always worth double points now. That shit will fuck you up if you slip up on that one event.
How popular is it outside of the US?
Well I can only speak on behalf of Poland, but every time I visit family there, there is always a strongman competition on TV. It's about the only time I can watch it since it's so rare here in the US.
One of the athletes we are most proud of in Lithuania. I got his autograph when I was a kid haha
zydrunas is love  zydrunas is life
mad pavydas
I wonder how many men of his size would be able to take down an adult gorilla 
Probably all of them...with a gun.
No man on earth.
Lol a gorilla would rip his arm off and beat him to death with it. Hell, a chimpanzee would absolutely murder him too and rip off his genitals. We are physically quite weak and fragile for our size. 
Nah he could definitely beat the shit out of a chimp. Obviously not little Ol ladies though.
A fight like that is more about mentality than just stats though. The chimp would rip your flesh from the bones without a millisecond of hesitation, it's spent it's entire life killing things with it's bare hands on instinct alone.  The chimp would destroy the human imo.  This isn't a Bench Press contest, it's not even a sanctioned sporting fight. It's an any rules goes, zero consequence fight to the death. Almost no chance the human (no matter who he is) comes out on top.
We're also talking about an animal that is at least just as strong as any human, half the weight, and twice as fast. It's also a wild animal. While a human will be able to through all sorts of civility out and go all out, that's the chimps basic mode. They don't have any sense of civility holding them back from grabbing a dick and ripping it off or chewing on your ass until they reach your spine and paralyze you. At the very least, a human will have to be in bad shape to do that. It doesn't come naturally to us anymore. It's a state that has, for the most part, been bred out of our species, for good reason.   We're arguing the difference between a docile pit bull and a timber wolf. Sure, they have similar capabilities, but the pit bull doesn't have "kill" being the first thing on its mind like the wolf does. Even if it gets pissed off, it just doesn't think the same way. It's not geared for mauling like the wolf is.   It's a similar machine, but for a more refined purpose if that makes sense. 
I'm honestly curious who would win in a fight, him or a chimp lol
Humans are endurance hunters, not quick fights. So pure head to head out of the gate? No. 
A chimp. Chimps are much stronger than even very strong humans, not to mention faster, more agile, and completely uninhibited in the heat of battle.
Yep they cannibalize rival chumps' face and nuts, etc. Ruthless animals 
How about their ability to tear people limb from limb?
First, find a source for that happening. I'm not aware of any evidence of a chimp tearing anyone limb from limb. I think that's a myth that people repeat as fact, and have been repeating since circus shows in the 19th and early 20th century.   Second, it wouldn't take long to find something a human did that was just as ferocious and impressive. Probably while on bath salts. 
Chimps can literally rip an arm off. They also have sharp teeth. No human would ever be able to tussle with a chimp and come out alive unless it let them.
Joe Rogan said it once
Forgive me for not considering that credible evidence, unless Joe Rogan is secretly a primatologist. 
I can tell you haven't been taking your alpha brain, son. 
Yeah but he has human intelligence, he would aim at vital areas like the eyes. Plus that chimp would have a hard time getting close  enough to use his teeth without the dude bopping him in the head.  What if it was a trained human heavyweight MMA fighter vs chimp. I'd say the human has at least a small chance. I'd pay to watch that either way.
Chimps have a pretty good reach for their height. Humans have intelligence, but chimps would know vitals just as much as a person since they actually kill things with their bare hands all the time. Those little fuckers would be way shorter than a heavyweight. Combine their long arms with being low to the ground and guess what? Bye bye ability to father children. The fuckers can't lose. It would grab any kick and bite your foot right off and throw it at you. Chimps are for real. Damn thing would probably be hanging from the ceiling waiting to ambush you. I also saw a movie where they learn to use guns and form armies to fight humans. 
Ok but take away guns and make it a fair fight to the death in the ring (no walls to climb). Boxer Muhammad Ali or UFC fighter Alistair Overeem vs average male Chimp.
They can be extremely vicious as well. I was terrified when I heard what that pet chimp did to that lady. 
A chimp can bicep curl a 200 pound man. There's no contest. It's not fair that they get so strong just eating bananas and shit. 
I read that part of the reason they become so strong is because they have little control over how much muscle they actually use. While chimps may be strong as shit their neurological pathways aren't designed to control only a very few muscles at a time. They cannot learn to button a button or thread a needle. 
A fight like that is more about mentality than just stats though.  The chimp would rip your flesh from the bones without a millisecond of hesitation, it's spent it's entire life killing things with it's bare hands on instinct alone.  The chimp would destroy the human imo.
Did you bother to read the last sentence of my comment? 
Yeah it wouldn't be good for the human. No matter how strong the human was, the chimp would be biting your face off. It'd probably take a cyborg to best the chimp or gorilla. 
Sounds like knife fight odds, as in the guy who wins dies at the hospital.  
That's why we got boom sticks.
tactical pipe bomb
Humans aren't even in the same league as gorillas.
Somewhere around 0
What would a strongman's cycle look like compared to a bodybuilder's?
He's really awesome but he kinda looks like prince goro from the the mortal kombat movie, but with like, lesser arms.  
Why did he cut?
Probably health reasons
He turned into B.J. Blazkowickz from the original Wolfenstein 3D
Or he lost because of injuries
Yeah def. not denying that injuries took a toll on his career.
Amazing to see him look like this, will be interesting to see how this change affects him in competition. As a fat guy, he was one of the few guys really pushing Brian Shaw.
was always curious how big these fellas were when leaned out
This weight loss is probably much better on his heart. I heard he was planing on competing again and gaining some weight but hopefully not as much weight as he lost.
He used to be.
You are correct 
Fuq
Jacked Ryan Seacrest
Thus guy turned into Duke Nukem.
E Honda to M Bison
He looks like the dude from Wolfenstein. 
Wow, Big Z really leaned out. Love watching him in Strongman
Did Zydrunas officially retire or something? 
I think I heard he took a year or so off to recover from accumulated injuries. 
Fuck me was he hiding a jaw.
His "intense" face still looked kinda friendly when he was bigger. Now thinner that's pretty scary.
Cell tech pimples 
I believe he's only 6'3, while Brian Shaw and Hafthor are 6'8.
nah lad he's 6'2/6'3ish
he wasn't a strongman. he was a powerlifter.
He has quite a unique (lateral head) tricep shape.
As in almost nonexistent? 
What? It's there and it's wide,  very visible. 
Not really.. It looks normal to me
By lateral head,you mean penis tip right?
This dude takes great IG Photos then does does very average on stage with no filter.
Looks awesome, but too much bro science for my liking. 
Bodybuilding, not 'perfect form lifting'...
If you really want to see a Justin Bieber looking guy, google Justin Martilini. He looks like Jeff Seid and Justin Bieber had child.
David laid looks pretty much like a jacked biebs
Yeah he does. 
acts like them too.
Yup. I find it funny how he has literally doubled in strength and size recently, and he still claims natty.
And turned Asian
And got plastic surgery to not look like Justin Bieber 
Can't get over how his hair always looks like a downvote.
1 day we all may. But today is Panini's day.
You know, you never know it might be your day you know?
Rada rada?
honestly most excited about the drug-part lol
He did whatever it took
I always wanted a girl with ass breasts
Are you an ass man or a boob man?    Why choose when you can get a girl with assbreasts
You talking about Omar Isuf?
That's a whole lot of image manipulation he's using to get his abs to show.
I'd have abs on my dick with that kind of photoshop
Tattoos and shadows so you can't tell how wide his midsection is, overhead lighting so that his ab shadows are visible, posterizing filter to make it all look sharper and harder. His left arm looks like it's going to detach itself and grow its own legs.
He doesn't look hurt at all for his divorce.
not at all, he's got the new 10/10 ass breast to look forward to
I'm not all in the know, but didnt the wife take almost everything he had? Is that true? Or is he doing ok?
No. Whatever Rich had established financially before the marriage he gets to keep. Plus I'm sure you have to be married for a pretty lengthy amount of time before you're legally allowed half the person's assets. Here in California I think it's around 10 years? I may be wrong.  Sara most likely left with what she came with. Nada.
California is a communal property state, all marital property will be divided 50-50 by the state unless agreed to by the divorcing couple.
Actually, I'm pretty sure he said shortly after their wedding that it wasn't a real sanctioned wedding. Who knows with the piano man though.
As retarded as he seems I don't think he would've been stupid enough to really marry that girl and out that much money on the line. 
Piana is the guy who makes a bunch of stupid little decisions, but some pretty good sweeping longer term more important decisions.
His cycle is a pretty fucking terrible long-term decision
He is both the tortoise AND the hare
Shouldn't you be eating some eggs right now?
I don't really know, I was being sarcastic for how so much he wants to let know that he is very happy now with new girl(smart, ass bubblebutt and ass breasts).
Yeah i figured as much, i just hope he didn't lose most of his shit. As dumb as he is, he is kind of someone i hope doesn't get screwed over. Never thought id say that about The Piano Man.
Pianoman in Florida   Coath Rich?????
We can only hope. I can't imagine he'd be too happy with Janoy after this recent string of Order 66s though.
huh, elaborate? Has Jason 66'd Rich again?
Nah, but he put out about five a few days ago. After the whole slap box incident he told Piano he wouldn't do it to anyone anymore. Granted he is the Iron Liar, so it's not like that means anything.
Coath peejaayy 
it piss
Funny thing is he says she is smart and then continue with a ridiculous description of tits and ass.
She sounds the opposite of smart while talking behind the camera in his recent videos. 
damn
Absolutely bricked
10/10
"Yep"
Doesn't his hash tag about not needing a hash tag... i.... I am so confused.
They say breakups make bodybuilders. What does a breakup do to someone who's already a giant, roided-out mass monster?
Lawyer up, hit gym, delete Facebook. 
Overdoses ensue 
God damn
Fridge mode?
Fridge Mode, afaik, is when a core shows itself at higher bodyfats just because of how much muscle there is in it. I think the conventional way of getting abs is by getting a decent amount of muscle there and cutting your body fat really low. When you're fridge mode, you get the creases of the abs a lot more easily, at higher bodyfats, just because the muscles are so much bigger. 
no hetero bro
hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng
She is a one of a kind in the respect that she's built like that
Rich's abs have looked the same from the end of his bigger by the day series to his better by the day series. I love his videos but I have a hard time noticing any actual change in his physique. Especially his abs.
almost positive that he had liposuction. he had abs even at 300 lb.
haha wouldnt surprise me
He looks very different now. I can definitely tell he got smaller. Face looks healthier too. Those arms and shoulders look even more cartoonish now though. 
I'm lol'ing. 
makes ogus's literal "tren" dog look like a lil bitch and puts that name to shame
It's cause he eats them TrenBalogna sammiches
I think it's a cane corso mixed with pitbull. No roids needed 
That is generally called an American Bully. Pitbull and anything big to add serious mass. 
His dog did whatever it took bro, cant you see?
He has a new girlfriend and literally just moved to FL lol wtf?
I don't think he understands how hashtags work.
Trest. I hope the new drug is Trest.
Great, he's in Florida... another idiot I hope to never run into
Pft I foresaw this sad day and have a dinky home gym lol... it's in my garage so I pretty much almost die of heat stroke every time hahaha
wtf with this filter
45 going on 21
Check out MKaelus on youtube for rich parodys, its hilarious no joke
Did he and sara break up?
We don't speak her name around these parts
Well then
Yep
Yeah. It probably happened 4-5 months ago.
Wow time flies
What part of Florida did he move to ?
Says Clearwater area. 
I'm in south Florida, I would love to see the Panini Sandwhich man make an appearance around here once in a while
will this be aired on TV? 
he did buy his past girl's food, plus she got to live in the piano house on roids for free. Seems like a good deal
Fuck sign me up
He gets a lot of hate but he really does excite people
I think the reality is that Sara didn't want to be with him because he was basically becoming an embarrassment in the fitness world.. His videos were getting lots of dislikes, and people just mocking him and his attitude. He also seems like he took her for granted at times....  She just could not associate with him because it would hurt her own career and she wants to go places in life without being attached to this guy who's constantly being bashed and mocked...   I can't necessarily blame her but knowing Rich, not surprised he's got another chick right away. He can prob pull the finest most pornstar looking chicks with ease.    However it must hurt thoguh because now she seems to b with some other guy int he fitness community whos just as yoked .. Im sure Rich doesnt care lol 
Or it could be because they were just insanely awkward together
Man, there's no fuckin' way you can jump to these conclusions. We have no goddamn idea. 
Assuming is not jumping to conclusions. I don't know if you noticed but I started out my paragraph with "I think".   
rich left her
i think its the other way around
Rich was always a dumbass though, she knew this ahead of time. He didn't "become" an embarrassment, he was an embarrassment long before they met.
Lol you make it sound like she is some genius... They are both morons. They always had such weird interactions though.. Not really loving at all. 
Link not working 
Big Lenny
Yes lets call a self made millionair an idiot... 
You're calling a dude who makes some of the best and most profitable business decisions in the fitness industry an idiot.
look at the vid of jays brand, shipping apparel out of his garage.  I'm gonna go with piana being the wiser businessman
He said "SOME of the best."
By catering to other idiots
He knows his market, man. Can't fault him for it.
He just got lucky that there are so many other idiots out there, it's not like his dopey personality is a put-on or tactical move.  But if Piana, let's say.. taught college physics by day, and then assumed his "dumb wild crazy" character for Youtube only.. THEN he'd be smart and clever.   But as it is, he's just rolling with the fact there are so many sad kids out there attracted to peacock behavior.  Any adult man who disregards skin cancer for months and months and instead repeatedly tries cut it out himself is just screaming for a Darwin award.
Woah what. Did that skin cancer thing actually happen. 
Fucking Christ. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
lmao at that guy, probably took 6 scoops of preworkout
Nah dude, he was just sampling those new Origin supps
Lol he was strung out on crack or speed or some shit dude
Seriously.
That Norwegian chick damn
Yeah, when he said "maybe I'll do rear today" he wasn't talking about delts.
I guess I know where I'm taking my next vacation.
Truuuu
Genghis Khalum
Fartemus and glutamine butt lol 
Lol that ending tho
Was the "bros before koala-hating hoes" a reference to Karina or something?
Lol when he got lost in the Hollywood hills on snapchat, he said something along the lines of   "I was never very good at reading signs. Catch ya later, Karina"
I'm totally out of the loop I guess but did they break up?
Looks like they did. A shame, they seemed really compatible. Still, Calum's got his family back in Oz, a sick bike, and a new bromance/supp company with Brad. Seems to be doing alright for himself
Literally only heard it mentioned here. I follow Bradley more and I've yet to see him post on IG or Twitter about it. I think I saw Calum post some stuff on IG. Really weird that they're not plugging it a lot
Not to mention the other bromances with Antoine, and Frank McGrath. Pretty sure him and Frank live in the same building. 
Yeah they definitely do based on snapchat.
To be called "big cunt" by CVM... the dream
Anyone know the music?
Haven't seen the video but most of his music is made by THMPSN.
who is the big phil heath lookalike
It's Sergio Oliva Jr
Haven't seen this vid, but I'd assume Sergio Oliva JR since I've heard people make that comparison before
what is camp voice  googled but couldn't find
gay
Yes and he says his name is Sergio which is the answer you were given.
his arms are massive but the rest of his genetics aren't anywhere near that of heath
you got downvoted but you are right. he has great genetics but phil and his father are in a different league
Does anyone know what competition he's doing?
Probably isn't but they looked like Wesley Vissers
He's getting downvoted because it doesn't matter what his cycle is. Just cause he takes a certain cocktail of gear doesn't guarantee that if you take the same shit you'll look like Calum. 
Exactly this.  He's on what works best for him, specifically.  I could rig an insulin pump with a tren/test blend and be on that for two years and eat and work out perfectly and I'd never look like him.
And because it's impossible for anyone on here to know
1 tren
I heard he was on the tests
no hes natty he just eats a lot of protons
No whey, probably just upped his carbs.
Nah brah, I heard he just does push ups every night, and eats Lettice. 
Insert activated almonds meme here 
No amount of tren on this earth allows you to bend the laws of thermodynamics enough to justify whatever pseudoscience this man is trying to sell.
The laws of thermodynamics only come in to play when dieting where the body needs energy to survive. They say nothing about how efficiently the body has to burn food for energy or whether it has to burn it at all.  That being said, this guy is full of shit.
Your body is pretty efficient at processing food. When it comes to excess calories, your body doesn't like to "shit it out." That's why people store fat in the first place, because your body takes all the excess calories and turns them into fat.
Of course it stores excess calories as fat. Only an idiot would deny this.  I replied to a comment that suggested that eating 8,000 calories and not storing fat is only possible if someone "bends the laws of thermodynamics." Your body stores fat because it is evolutionarily advantageous to do so, not because the laws of thermodynamics require it to.   If you eat 8,000 calories every day and don't put on an ounce of fat, it just means that your body is extremely inefficient at using calories or just very wasteful. It does not mean that you've somehow defied the laws of physics.   Eating 8,000 calories every day will make you fat, but NOT because there is some kind of physical law requiring your body to put on fat. That's why I said that thermodynamics don't come into play when it comes to fat gain. Because they don't
You're absolutely correct. Sorry people didn't actually read what you wrote.
This guy is a fucking nut job. He talks out of his ass and gets into legit fights on his IG with people (and throws around the most scientific terms to pretend like he's legit). Also talks like a teenage girl does on the internet. Seems like a real scumbag.
Phil Heath said he is anywhere from 5500-6200 calories in prep. So numbers like this are possible. What isn't possible is burning through that many calories without a fuck load of drugs, they are absolutely REQUIRED for this to be possible. So yeah this guy is talking out of his ass when he insinuates that anyone could do this just by reverse dieting. You cannot do this just by reverse dieting. 
You know ive always wondered if the drugs send your metabolism sky high to the point of being 5000-6000 tdee, what would happen if these pros decided to take all the gear and sit at home on a 500-1000 calorie diet? would they start burning through muscle and fat? I remember alot of people on r/steroids said theres no reason for an obese man to hop on gear, but dismissing the health risks involved i would assume that its actually beneficial to do that 
Hopping on 500mg test isn't going to do shit for your metabolism, I'm talking thousands of dollars per month worth of drugs. 
thats what i mean hoping on an olympia pre contest stack on 1000 calorie diet. Not just Test.....no insulin injections and i would assume a 6'0 315lbs man would lean out in 15 weeks easy. but im not a drug guru id assume it can be done and be better than a  regular psmf in terms of shedding weight 
They would definitely burn through muscle at starvation level calories. They don't eat that much for fun, they eat that much to maintain the enormous amount of muscle they have. 
I followed him for a while because I was mirin but all the shit talk, talking down on people, and shitting on other people's methods because his is the only right way to do it, got old quick. 
haha me too. he's by far my least favorite person in this industry. do you have any specific reasons or did you have any personal interactions with him?
I couldn't even get through the whole post. What a farce.
Bro-science salesman
Probably a lot of T3.
Isn't metabloic damage something that is way overblown and just a way for online trainers to make themselves seem more important?
Strange, everyone on IG commenting how aesthetic and amazing he looks. Everyone on here destroying his physique for his genetic weaknesses. 
Most of the IG commenters probably don't even know what obliques are
You're right. Let's destroy him for his shitty tattoo instead.
That thigh sleeve is sick. I hope you're just joking
Not really a sleeve if ut only covers half the leg.
half sleeve then. Thanks for being a politically correct nazi
IG is infested with fanboys/fangirls.  This sub is infested with Steve Cook fanboys/fangirls.
Bro come on now... Don't be so quick to judge 
But who was taper
That's exactly what's missing but I couldn't figure it out.
Are those lats inserting really high or is it just me
Perfect T-taper in my book.
Are big obliques like his considered bad genetics? Can someone help me understand. To me it just looks like he has a solid core.
It's just an aesthetics and appeal thing. You may not see it as unaesthetic but if you go look at someone like our Lord and Savior Jeff Seid or Jeremy Buendia you'll see that they have huge V-tapers that makes their waist look minuscle compared to their upper body.
Makes him look blocky and doesn't help the v taper.
That waist/obliques.. feel sorry for the guy
Is yours better
Yeah, he looks TERRIBLE.
but he got some great nip genetics
Man not only that but this dudes arms look really short and his chest is so much bigger than his delts. He looks goofy as hell
So many people talking shit in this thread, he may not win the Olympia but I would kill to look like that.
If I looked like that I would kill to have less distracting obliques. Perspective dawg.
Or just bigger lats. 
And legs and arms
4 comments and all of them are of the negative variety. 
He's like a slightly bigger underwear model. Looks incredible just stood in natural positions but odd when posing, that's quite common for guys with high lats and big obliques
anyone else think his knee's/quads look a little off? Possibly just super high insertions?
Whacky proportions. Small shoulders, short arms, big old waist
Guys....this physique is incredible, you are blind if you disagree
What's the deal with his obliques though?  Did he just need to do more cardio?
You don't deserve downvotes. I have big obliques too. Usually you'd love to have genetics making a certain muscle naturally big - except when it's the obliques.  I can help it, they just keep growing and I can flex them really hard too. They are quite strong.  I think it's because my father was a fat drunk with a huge ass beer belly which needed big obliques to hold/support it. So I got them too.  Definitely bad when you're tryna win competitions but on the plus side they give you a sick adonis belt.
Can confirm. My father smoked 3 pks cigarettes a day and now i have steel lungs.
poor genetics
Obliques ruining everything, he should consider surgery
one of the strangest physiques i have ever seen.   definitely stage material /s
This guy's bone structure is all over the place
a face only a mother could love
Very disrespectful towards Paul.
Imagine Tom Platz on a modern day stack
The quadfather
Paul DeMayo's actual nickname was Quadzilla, while Tom Platz's is referred to as the Quadfather 
Wasn't platz the golden eagle?
He was, he's only been nicknamed the Quadfather after he finished competing, because he's now known as the "Quadfather of bodybuilding" because he was the first to start the big-legs trend
So whos the Quadfather then?
Seems like his English is slowly improving.
Lmaooo
I fucking love ramy
oouu my god YOP
Lol he is fucking goofball
Ramy is actually more religious than people might think, ontop of that hes from a different culture, watching/touching another girls ass isnt "ok" for him.
How do you know? I believe you, just curous where hes shown it. 
It's all over his Instagram really if you go back and look, and he's always mentioning God in his interviews in Arabic, he was also fasting during Ramadan 
ramy knows her glutes are absolutely haraam
So next year maybe try and nail that conditioning down for the Olympia like two months earlier than this year.
I swear, I read this comment every year lol. 
Maybe he's like "Fuck it, Phil's gonna win Olympia anyway. Imma bulk right through it and just win everything else after."
Has his conditioning ever been better than this?
That's because his glasses and mustache are straight out of 1989
Looks like a middle aged Eddie murphy
Part of the old school look lmao
Looking like a jacked Dr Doolittle 
His calves make me feel better about life but they're still probably bigger than mine. 
He actually added me on fb and we had a chat about a week after the Olympia. He seems like a cool fella and he's going to be a FORCE in that division 
Awesome v taper
Reminds me of Von Miller
Oh shit this guy, he looked aesthetic af at the Olympia
I wish I could embrace the suck... no homo
steve urkel looking absolutely macerated
old school glasses like David Ruffin
he looks great but he doesn't really look "classic" imo, just like a smaller version of the mass monsters
another proof that tatoos don't add anything to your physique. Otherwise nice physique. 
Dude is swole AF and has sick education gains. BS in math, BS in economics and MS and PhD in economics. Mad respect. 
he does 32 weeks
He's leaner at 8 weeks out then most people are on stage.
Do you know how tall he is? Couldn't find his height anywhere.
5' 9" - it's on homepage of his site.
Ah didn't scroll all the way down. Thanks.
You think dieting for 20 weeks is a long time? Bitch, please. Real natties diet for like 8 months AT LEAST
Go fuck yourself with your holier than thou attitude
Why don't you tell us what you really think?
because natural bodybuilding competitions are a fucking joke... You will never know who is truly natty and you will never be able to prove it. So this whole natty circle jerk is pointless. 
Did I mention that he is not natty?
Good post, really shed light on how cynical this subreddit has become.
you mean it's  like /r/nattyorjuice cynical now? 
He's dirty.
But who was chest?
The natural human body actually doesn't have the peculiar muscle don't you know? The peculiarist muscle only forms after five years on trend and HGH (huge growth horrormoans). You may wonder how I know all these technical terms, well it's because I graduated top of my class from the NPA (Natty Police Acadamy) so I know what I'm talking about, trust me
He looks a lot bigger than Jeff Seid, still people think jeff's on roids. The Hypocrisy is real.
Chul soon competes in natural competitions lmao
Don't forget cream and frog eggs mate 
Seriously who cares? Why does anyone else being on gear or not even matter to you? People lie about using gear, get over it and just lift. 
Didn't you see he competes at 160 lbs as opposed to 250? Clearly means he's natural man come on. /s
Just because you have shit genetics doesn't mean everyone else does.
I have pretty good genetics and I'm juicing and so is this dude.
Nothing in his physique screams juice.
I don't think you know what gyno is if you're suggesting he has it.
160 lbs and bigger?  Gyno in that pic?  The fuck are you looking at?
Yeah, no gyno in that pic.  Different poses, cam differences, lighting, etc.  Also totally different classes (bb vs physique).  No where near comparable with all of those variables.  Did this guy molest you at your last show or something?  If you think this can't be attained natty then you're dilusional.  160lbs at 5'9 isn't even big by most bb standards man.
What's your point? He's bigger and leaner than Buendia who is clearly juicing. Also since when do you have to be a certain weight to be juicing?
No hes not
My point is that he's not bigger than buendia.  You took photo of him flexing his ass off at a close up range vs a more distant pic of buendia who is in a more relaxed pose.  He doesn't even weigh more (aka have more muscle mass) on stage than buendia despite being 1-2 inches taller.  How can you not comprehend this?
What gyno? Those nips are dry as fuck dude.
dude 19. wtf kill me now  sometimes i wish i was blessed with god tier genetics and have the balls to inject my ass
He's probably taken 10yrs off his life by doing aas, especially so early.  Okay guys obviously 10yrs isn't accurate but don't act like taking gear doesn't do damage in the long run. 
(Citation needed)
I feel like that isn't remotely true 
Trade 10 years of old crappy life for 10 years of young god-like physique? I'm down
Research to back this up? 
what am i saying, i always wish i had god tier genetics and had the balls to inject my ass
watch a couple vids on injecting, made it seem so easy and alot of the average joes that were doing it themselves for TRT I thought to myself, I can do this. I pin quads tho if that makes a difference
ah I gotcha, yea if you're on the fence then best to wait until you are sure you want to do it. I support you bud
Eh. I've run 2 cycles in my life and before each pin, I still get a little antsy. 
1dayumey
He could Berry it in my ass no homo tho
Fire reference
18 rn and mirin fuckin hard 
Looks kinda like a jacked Michael phelps 
wood berry
Berry good...
I first read this as Mary Berry, she looks incredible
Dude in the back seems to be mirin pretty hard 
haha - true that
That was a pretty fruity posing routine 
People throw "aesthetic"  around a bit too freely around here...... 
Your comment is really aesthetic. Am I doing it right?
On the daileee.   
Looks grainier there. Forearms also look double the size
Good god. Fucking amazing. 
Well, he is the GOAT.
Completely agree with you. I couldn't ever get over his waist either. Levi's size 44,26.
Wait what, how tall is he? 
I guess he's 5'9" I'm shocked, I assumed he was like 5'6" like most of them.
Gotta confuse the aspect ratio...
Right babe?
his giant waist gives me hope to one day look somewhat aesthetic 
Anyone else feel like his tri isnt very dry? Seems kinda watery
I think it looks way better than the modern stage look tbh.
This was seconds before his famous quad stomp. He's very well conditioned but the stage lighting sucks. In hindsight this pic doesn't do his side tricep pose much justice. 
What famous quad stomp? 
Okay thanks 
His whole body doesn't look that dry but damn I think it looks great
Honestly think I prefer a bit of water retention as compared to dry dick skin look. 
Everything looks aesthetic except for that haircut 
Jay Cutler is poster boy for blocky builds. Side tricep makes people look better than they really due to the angle. He's definitely not aesthetic.
That hair tho
Miss those days of Bodybuilding.
2009 lighting and black background were absolutely loyal
"Aesthetic" lmao
nah, he looks like he's taking a shit
This is a bit of an obnoxious question but have any of you bros every dealt with dating someone a little too clingy? Is there any way to make them chill out a bit without hurting their feelings?
reassure her that you're into her? often? sincerely? without making any promises you don't mean. is what i would do, but ymmv ofc
Yeah that's a good idea. I'll try to be more on top of that. Part of the issue is I feel like we jumped into something serious too quick and i'm now getting obsessively called and texted. But i'm a distant person so idk if it's just me being an autist or what. 
you deserve to have boundaries. it's what makes a healthy relationship...with yourself. others will come and go but you're the person you gotta live with. gl
I mean what level of clinginess are we talking about here. If she gets pissy at you not texting her a lot or not hanging out everyday just tell her what you were doing and when you do talk to her make if for an extended period of time like an hour of talking. If she's saying some crazy shit and and getting angry if you hang out with your friends or for not texting at work or at class this early into the relationship I wouldn't even try to salvage it.
Shit yeah you're right dude. 
Forgot who mentioned it in the one of the previous DDs, but Coke zero is way better than diet coke. I'm surprised I didn't realize that before. 
I spotted the corporate shill... JK I actually started drinking coke zero from reading about it here, don't know if its healthy in the long run though
Been eating at a 300 cal deficit and barely loosing weight. Hopefully I'm doing a body recomp since I'm still a newbie. My lifts have been going up too. 
give it 12 weeks and evaluate from there...based on more than the scale, like progress pics. gl
Im at about 8 weeks and only down about 6 lbs which should have taken me only about 3 weeks.
2 lb/week is typical for a 1000 cal deficit.  At a 500 deficit, most guys around here say you lose 1lb/week, so you're pretty much on schedule at -300.  Are you dropping cals or adding cardio every week or other week? Your tdee might be slightly lower than when you started since you've dropped weight. 
I cut out an extra 200 cals since I started and also added cardio which I only do for 20 min which is about another 200 cals. I just checked and I started off at a 500 cal deficit. 
Your flair says newbie so I assume that it's still possible to gain some muscle on a low deficit which could explain why the weight loss is lower than you'd expect. I'm pretty sure I gained a little bit of size eating at -200 back when I didn't have a solid foundation. Either way you're on track I'd say.
yes by linear thinking. but ime, our bodies do not understand math lol  Think about it, if by being deficit we should be able to "lose" all the weight we want, right? but no, because eventually we will hit a point where we either stop losing weight or die. So essentially, it is your body's job to keep you alive, and if it feels threatened, it can and will promote a response to seek homeostasis. My coach says "force the body and it will react, coax the body and it will respond." I have found that after over two decades of forcing, coaxing is the way to go. Forcing only ever got me poor unsustainable results. 1.5 years of coaxing and i'm getting the physique I've always wanted with no shitty trade off.  Even if my conscious mind says "do desperate thing for immediate results", I've now trained myself to hold the line and stay consistent.  Dunno if that helps your perspective, but either way, good work so far.
My body fortress ran out, so I need to get some powder.  Myprotein seems like a steal (with what came out of that r/fitness protein powder test and all their deals)   What would you guys say is the best flavor?  I've heard that mocha is pretty good
I've tried a few but you cant go wrong with chocolate caramel IMO
How do you know if grills are hitting on you or if they're just being friendly. I don't initiate convo, they do. I don't wanna be a cocky cunt and assume attraction tho. Currently in relationship so can't exactly pursue anyway. What do. 
You're with a girl already so it doesn't matter, treat em like friends
TFW your TDEE has changed by 500 calories since the last bulk. Not that I mind, I love eating. 
mines gone up in deficit over the last 1.5 years. a miracle, blessed is the iron.
New Halo Top flavors landed at my local Signature Kroger.  Picked up some Peanut Butter Cup (delicious), S'Mores, Choc Chip Cookie Dough, Cookies and Cream, Pistachio, Red Velvet, Chocolate Almond Crunch, Black Cherry.  Passed on Sea Salt Caramel and Chocolate Mocha Chip.  Of course grabbed some chocolate, strawberry, and birthday cake.  Didn't have the fucking Oatmeal Cookie ... the one I want the most.    So yeah, scored 8 new flavors and I'm salty that they didn't have one in particular.  
...and now you're out 3 paychecks
Just made two batches of muffins. Licked the batter for both. I am just going to go to work and wait for the salmonella to kick in. No regrets, though.
Don't I have to adjust my tdee as I'm cutting? I suppose 5 kilos make a difference.
I'm about 19-20 bf. Also i got one more question. Can I just do ppl once a week and also cardio 3x a week? Since I'm not really getting bigger and just maintaining, I would like to get some cardio in too.
Add more?
Add more what?
Why add more cardio when it s all about that dere caloric deficit?
But you can't really outrun a bad diet, can you?
Tfw you think you see some gains but you can't trust the mirror
He said you can't trust the mirror...
The mirror is an honest friend. Body pod or simple measuring tape.
Force feeding - any tips to make it easier? Other than dunking my 4th tilapia fillet  in water before I eat it or blending my hamburger.  Also, DL'd 315 for 2 reps today for the first time since I broke my ankle. Feels good.
Find foods that are high calories for low volume. Ie probably not tilapia.
Water fish?
Like kobayashi in a hot dog eating contest
eat higher cal foods
My shake is about 600 cals (can't remember exactly) and it doesn't really fill me up. It's not healthy but it makes getting in my bulking cals very easy.  200mL Full Cream Milk  54g Protein Powder  (2 scoops)  30g Nutella   30g Peanut Butter Light  3 Ice Cubes
I'll have to start throwing some peanut butter and stuff in my shakes. 'Preciate it.
Thats how im feeling with squats now and my knees
Exactly where I'm at. I still get a sick lower back pump hitting high volume stiff legged db deads and I hit everything else that a DL does in other ways so it's not like I'm missing out on any BB gains. I do miss seeing those numbers soar though.
If you do it right there is no pain Just soreness 
Decided to start bulking after walking past a buff guy in my hall on his way to take a shower last night. So that happened. 
Did you smash?
Egocentrism time. I need confidence boost and I know its wrong, but can we talk about how having great physiques have increased our standards with girls, or any occasion where girls (drunk or sober) have ever felt nervous or 'not good enough' for you based solely on physicality? Or a time a girl was 'mirin you for your body or just turned into horny mess for you because of your body.
It has increased my chances while simultaneously making me more retarded. I'm afraid of I come off as super confident I'll be "that gym douche" so I make up for it by being overly autistic and avoiding eye contact. Feels bad man
was just thinking how nice it is to get looked at by girls, I cut my hair and am getting noticed, i feel more confident about it where before I think i would have been self conscious. it's just a nice feeling.
Not a monster by any means (not yet at least) and the single best thing that's happened to me recently was having a girl just stare straight at my chest while I was talking to her. She didn't even try to be subtle. Too bad she was in a LTR.
I'm eating lasagna, sweet baby jesus this bulk is a god send after months of cutting.
Any of you bros gotten Lasik recently? Heard from a friend of a friend who got it recently that it's become significantly less invasive now because technology. Was looking for a personal experience.
A little gym session is the best study break.
Girl I've been spending time with told me I look hot both when I'm shredded and bulked, but thinks I look better when I'm bulked. Think I've found a keeper boyos.
she tryina get you fat to keep the other womenz away from your gains. Stay woke /s
Get up in them sugar walls asap gayboy
For real I need to be taken down a couple notches
That feeling when you get a new 8 rep max on bench(205, used to be 195) and max reps of 225 (4, used to be 2) on the same day. Bulk is going swell.
Depends. I was certainly looking for opportunities to pass protein farts every time she went to the bathroom. So. Gas. 
You must be new here
i know it's not a typo. but he typing grill intentionally doesn't make the joke any less funny IMHO
lol what are you fuckin hetero?
I mean, until Steve joins in
Watch Inception and learn how to trick her into thinking that she wants to build muscle. You're playing a dangerous game here
Just call me Steve Irwin. 
That seems low for lentis. Every lentil ive looked up has an average of like 350 cals per 100g. So. If you ate 300g of lentils you carbed the fuck up.
MFP and the like should have different options for cooked and uncooked things. Also, does the container they came in not say...?
MFP is fucking awesome, tracking cals/macros must've sucked before it.
Not a cheat day until you hate yourself
everyday is a cheat day?
Anyone else not use a belt for squat/dead but move a decent amount of weight
I dont use a belt and I also dont move a decent amount of weight
Well correlation equals causation so....
I use a belt because it reminds me to brace and breath properly. Can probably move the same amount of weight with or without. 
Ive just never really thought to get one. I go gor maxes a decent amount as well so i might need to invest soon
Wow. ATG plus that pause
God watching shit like this always makes me admire how ridiculous the human body can actually be.
I'm not super strong but squat about 350, dead 450 at 155-160lbs bodyweight and haven't trained with a belt. Actually just tried a buddies out for the first time about a month ago and took 335 for a pretty easy triple, it definitely helps lol
405 for Reps atg always beltless 
Never belt anything. Dead 220, squat 180, ohp 100
Little bro plays college hockey and is finally dressing in his first games of the season. Watching online and my face is all proudbigbrother.jpeg
Top 10 ranked ACHA team
Haha yeah man, as did I, among a few other levels. College hockey was amazing
I'm a senior in college and have been incel as fuck. I've been working on my game, physical appearance, body language and vocal tonality, and intelligence but I'm still incel and frustrated as fuck. I feel like it's a confidence issue but every day that goes by like this I just get more and more frustrated
Incel?
sounds like your over thinking things
It's a great thing that you're working on yourself, man. Don't overthink things though, it'll make you anxious. Lifting, eating right, keeping clean etc are the most important things, but if you want to talk to people, get more social, get girls' interest, you just got to pick up your bollocks and talk to people and flirt with girls. It'll get better
Well your first problem is using the word incel. It does sound like a confidence issue, how many of your friends are girls and how often are you talking to girls?
Met some girl out Friday night. Got her number. She texted me last night that my chest is sexy with some emojis. I haven't stopped crying. 
You're making it bro
crying cause you hate how small your chest is right?
There are so many emotions going through me that it's overwhelming. Don't you dare judge me or my chest 
Met up with some of my buddies from high school last night. Granted that it's only been several months since I graduated and saw them, they all commented on how much bigger I've gotten. Such a good feeling.
That's the best when you see people that haven't seen you for a while. All the comments about how you have changed and looking good is enough to make you feelsgoodman for the next 3 months.
2nd day of dnp went fine still didn't feel anything yet which is excepted. On to the 3rd day lets get it 
wait till the mercury hits you
What's your dose like? I'm on day 6 and am feeling warm on 250mg ed
Same as you man 250
How could a strength/hypertrophy day PPL split work?  For example, if you were doing bench 4x5 on strength push day and bench/db bench 4x8-12 in hypertrophy push day, if your not doing 5 reps each workout for bench, how could you numbers go up if you are only doing one strength day per week?  What would the point of that one push/pull/legs strength day per week?
Its not like your not gaining strength in hypertrophy rep range it's just the prefered way as volume is a key factor for growth. 
If you haven't done PHAT I highly recommend it. I made serious size and strength gains on it.
did this happen
i meant him mirin the arms, but why you hiding snap name dog.. 
Who would we 'mire then? Think about us forever smalls.
What are you bros Halloween costumes this year? I'm drawing a blank on what to do
perfect costume since its bulk season.
fuck that episode is gold 
All his episodes are.  Don't know how well known the brofessor is around here but I think people here will really enjoy this channel.
tfw on your second set of 365x2 bench your elbow clicks about 1 inch away from lockout  anyone here take anything for the joints?
Deca. Serious answer. Not much else is really proven to work...  Try curcumin (with bioperine) and fish oil...maybe pycnogenol. Glucosamine sulfate and chondroitin sulfate may be worth trying
Glucosamine MSN works but it takes a month or so
I take it year around. Great supp 
Why do my legs blow up with hardly any volume/work, but my upper body is dyel? QQ
My life. 
Wanna trade for a couple of weeks?
Nah man my girlfriend will kill me if i lost my ghetto booty
told my gf she needs to lose weight and she started the bullshit like you dont like me how i am and thats how you met me etc and you shouldnt change someone you like and I just told her i want you to become the best version of yourself and that I do love her curves and some other bs i made on the spot. got a blowjob and some cooked chicken . life's good
Fat chicks give the best bjs amirite
I can confirm this. Your mother is the best.
Sick burn
Fucking rekt
The username makes this comment even better
TF?
That could've gone waaaaaaaaay worse. Bravo for handling the situation well.
fuckin hate when i get raw chicken man im glad u got cooked chicken, good news.
Been there bro.  Was actually able to still do some lifts while wearing a brace.  Not sure how bad your situation is though.
Sheit howd it happen? Ia there a doc verdict on it?
Didn't quite finish the pull on a clean, so the bar was too far forward, and I caught it on my wrists for a half second before dumping it. It's not bad enough for a doctor visit, but is bad enough I can't really load weight or twist it without pain. 
damn. I hate those injuries where it sucks but it seems like it's not bad enough to be checked...because they can linger. Now days i lean towards going to the doc anyways just for peace of mind at least
My wrists are permanently fucked because I man moded through a minor injury and then fucked 'em up big time. Be careful bro. 
Since I moved to uni mid August I haven't weighed myself until today. Went from 143 to 156, pretty lean still. I never thought I'd weigh this much. Feels great.
Set a goal for yourself, a lean 165 by the end of the semester or some shit, then CRUSH IT
Dude. That's not a bad idea. 165 is very realistic. But I can imagine I'll gain more tbh.
Right front felt always hurts while benching so for now I'm taking it out, and putting in Incline Bench as my main chest excercise. My brother suggested to start including flies to replace it, any suggestions? 
Wouldn't incline pressing put more focus on the front delt?
true, not op but I always found that any slight incline puts my shoulders in a much more comfortable position. Decline dips and bench feel weird, flat bench is iffy, but a 30 degree incline feels great
Me too but if I had pain in my delt I would probably want to keep away from activating them more.   I'd probably go for machine flies that keep my arms mostly if not completely extended to take as much shoulder involvement out of it as I could until they could rest up. 
Huh, I guess so. Maybe my form on bench is a little weird then? Regardless Incline hurts way less, basically exactly what the dude below you said, whenever there is incline I'm good to go.
If it works for you, go for it. I find incline to be slightly more beneficial since it focuses more on delts.   Personally, I'd still work on flat bench though. But if incline works for you, I wouldn't put it at the top of my to do list just yet. 
Is flies a good supplement for chest? I want something extra to make up for bench.
Flies would be a good supplement. Cable flies would get my recommendation. I always get a better chest activation with lower hand placement at the bottom of the movement (hands out in front of me).   Just focus on that mind muscle connection while you do them and that should help. 
If u pay yea
All of it lol. Im broke as a joke rn
Ur talkin Dubai India?
Tfw you bench 3pl8s for the first time and want to tell everyone you know but at the same time you know no one will give a shit so you only tell two people
I told a work buddy of mine (who also lifts) that I hit a bench PR of 295, and this fat old dude breaks in and says, "For how much you work out is expect you to do that at least 5 times, easily. Hell, I used to do that ten times. Couldn't do it right now though."  yeahok.jpg
Fcuk man. That's dope. Congrats.
Had a dream about Jeff Seid last night... was taking care of him in the ER... woke up when he wouldn't add me on instagram.
I had a dream where BM and I were on set of a movie that later ended up as a third person open world zombie/mutant/alien hoard survival game. I saw his peen when we were changing into our character clothes. Also had one where the Piano Man took me to a fit expo that was in a fancy museum. We drove in through the car entrance that had its own cardonned off car lanes on the inside for people who for whatever reason didn't want to walk around   
jeffrey y
I have dreams about fucking Thai trannies. Want to swap?
i once saw a porn video of a an asian tranny fucking a proper female. thought it was really hot, but tranny/male sex is pretty homo brah. might want to lower the tren dosage lmao.
How many gay guys do you know that dig transgendered chicks?
So Uhhhh. Link? I got some time on my hands
Well it sounds like you don't need it anymore.   Although I've never heard anyone else call it "time"...
dude wtf I had a dream that Jeff Seid got me drunk and got me to fuck these Thai trannies. srs
Zma or tren dream? 
zma, too much of a goody two shoes for tren I'm afraid
Do you find that zma helps you? I don't really know much about it.
My sleep has really improved with ZMA. 
Yes
Yeah I think it's worth it
Yes. 
Nice work. I gotta ask though natty it not? Still good shit regardless
Im natty, and you're the first person to ever ask so that's awesome
You've got a killer chest for being natty bro. Keep it up
Holy shit nicely done man. Looking great 
Skelly to jelly
Mirin Monday is calling for you
Dat fokn chest m8 
Lookin' good, dawg
Awesome job.
Lookin real good mang. Keep at it. 
Good shit man, the hardest part is getting back on the train and you did that. And I really relate to, "never really a fan of food".   I'm gonna just be completely honest with you man. I've never found my motivation to come through the numbers I have achieved. While I have gotten stronger along the way my numbers have not changed that much because I still don't weigh that much. I have just turned what use to be skinny fat into mostly lean muscle mass, and so I look a lot bigger than my weight.  But, I do believe the single most important weightlifting tip is to progressively overload. I workout alone and bring a little notebook with me so that I can track my sets, reps, and weight. This makes it easy for me to flip back to the last workout to see the weight I did the last time and try to increase it.  Still though, I never think of myself as weight lifter. But as a bodybuilder. Because I don't simply go to the gym and pick stuff up and down, I put in the extra work that is required outside of the gym to attain a physique I am happy with. 
How much do you weight, and what are your strength stats if you dont mind me asking
Nice chest brah
Holy shit you are killing it. 
Thanks goob, that means a lot more than you probably think it does to me
I read that as "two months" progress and came very close to jumping out this nice 23rd story window. 
I think I'm about evenly split between being delusional about how big I am and delusional about how small I am.
those dudes probably actually talk to grills
My best friend, who played college football, saw me for the first time tonight in about two years and asked me if I'm on steroids. I gave him the biggest hug. 
I'm at a techno house rave on LSD and I got swolested. 
Moms man. They'll shred you every time 
Some huge dude recommended triple drop sets for legs on leg extensions the other day in some thread and I swear to god I looked like a retarded sewer baby. I felt like crying, peeing and throwing up all at once, the burn for these were unreal. 4 Sets later I was stumbling trying to go down the stairs, never sweated more in my life, 
had some fat bitch tell me to buy bigger pants at the tailgate last weekend. she was def mirin my voluptuous glutes   also havent been to the gym since Monday and have been eating like a famine mongoose since ive been sick. i feel so small, lost about 8ish pounds. 
Yesterday was my birthday, I got home at midnight from spending the day at UCF then I get a booty call and figured why not.  Went over to a friend's place, there were like 4 of us we all were drinking, playing beer pong playing Xbox etc.  we go adventuring and get back to the apartment at 5 am.  Now me and this girl had a bedroom to ourselves so we get going.  Everything was great until I smelled thank stank ass pussy dear fucking God.  Instantly killed my boner that was about to raw dog this shit.  I was like "sorry" and left, blamed it on the alcohol, got home at 6 am and washed my face and fingers.  That shit was horrendous.    Long story short I got 3 hours of sleep and worked 12 hours the next day hungover af, and I swear to god I keep smelling that taint.  At least the head was bomb 
This isn't even a joke. She will. It's happened to me. Same situation basically. By the way, op. If it was as bad as the chick I was with, that stank aint comin off for three fuckin days.
The other day I was working out with my gf and she said "wow your arm looks like a gigantic chicken wing"  I think I got negged
If your gym doesn't have at least 1 swole back dude with a kangol hat is it even a real gym?
Mine has a group of black dudes who wear Italy shirt. Not sure what to make of that but they don't understand me when I speak Italian. 
At what point do dates begin to be split 50 50. I dont mean splitting the bill i mean ill pay for ice skating and she offers to pay for dinner. Shit is sending me broke
I think I'm addicted to Overwatch.
Matched with a girl on Bumble, she was clearly dtf and invited me out to the bars with her friends.  As soon as I get there, I find out her roommate is a girl who I've had a thing with for the past month or so.  In a perfect world, it would have been a great threesome opportunity. Instead, I got bitched out, went home alone and neither one wants to talk to me.  You win some, you lose some I guess.
Birthday was today, did 23 reps of everything and an hour on the bike. Supposed to be an off-day, but I made the most of the special occasion.   Stay shredded, my friends
You are exactly one day older than me. Congratulations grandpa.
Down 15 lbs in 2 weeks, from 280 to 265. Tweaking my diet day by day, but one constant is a 5 egg omelet stuffed with cheese, various meats, and as much spinach as it can fit. New job is paying well enough where I can afford quality cuts of meat, so I've been grilling steaks fairly often. Tomorrow I want to kill a salmon fillet, and in the process, learn how to cook salmon.  Hit 225x10 yesterday on bench despite a tweaked shoulder, with every press having a three second pause on my chest. Haven't deadlifted more than once since the competition a few weeks back, but that's probably a good thing considering the grind it took to hit 585 with 3 weeks of prep.  Going to the hot springs tonight, so I shaved my torso, considering I look like big foots retarded cousin. Should be a good time since I'm not driving and can kill a few brews on the way up there. Top two rows of abs are showing through my beer belly too, so thank you heavy compound lifts for that.   Fuck yeah I love life. 
Those underwear were holding you back.
This broad-backed grill was using a PVC pipe to stretch her shoulders and I got a view of her lats from the front and they looked like they were about to burst from her clothes and I was like why the fuck do I think girls' lats are attractive now dude what has lifting done to me
Quads drive me nuts on a woman. Explains my love for womens volleyball, considering they hold squat stances for hours at a time. 
I can only workout before school at 6AM or after school for an hour.  And it's only on schooldays so there's some weeks where I can only access it two days.   Using a high school gym is a real grind bros.
Get up and do it early. I did the same thing in highschool and it disciplined me to just get the work done. After you wake up early to lift for a week it just becomes routine. 
Oh yeah I go before school but what really sucks is the short inconsistent weeks and not being able to lift on weekends. 
Cut began two days ago and today I had a little party at home because of my little sister's birthday, with some friends coming over.    So I'm holding on the food and sweets, all is good until close to the end of the night, when I go to the kitchen to drink a glass of good old milk, but the table and counter at full of stuff.    I say screw it, I'm probably the only one drinking from here, and start to drink directly from the carton(1L, almost full). While I'm drinking a bit of it someone comes in the kitchen and says "you better drink all of it", and I answer - yeah, it's almost empty, that's why I'm not using a cup, and chug it.    Yeah, the cut is going well. 
So I fucked up my chances with a girl. I barely pull girls as it is. She basically said I'm cute but also awkward so she doesn't want to be with me.   Time to hit the gym even harder than usual this week I guess. 
Guys I realize i've become so much more full of myself but it's amazing. On the cables doing lateral raises,day 3 Nofap extra boost but still fucking fwb, Some random but peaking edm shit playing in my headphones, Shoulders disgustingly pumped from all sides and I look at myself in the mirror under perfect gym lighting and I just stare....  HOLY FUCK   I have come a long way, sure I have even more ways to go, but m8s, that moment I think I got that "high on life" people joke about. I felt my pupils dilate and everything looked as bright and colorful similar to a Shrooms high. Past 4-5 months bulking became a routine I didn't enjoy it per say, but I hit my lifts and got bigger, but after cutting now for 2-3 weeks I feel the life coming back.  School is going well, on the prowl for a parttime job, girls come and go but more recently come. I feel like I'm on top of the world and I have to bounce to the bottom of another world to continue progressing.  We are all gonna make it brahs
Everybody is a power-bodybuilder, but to many people seem to forget the bodybuilder part at my gym. 
Weighed myself before and after my morning pee.   20oz. 
At the school gym mirin a grill with some nice delts and back. Then she turned around and revealed her crossfit shirt
Up in this bitch first, I don't talk much but this community is fucking tight. The humor and memes of lifting really bring me up when I'm feeling down. If you about to work out go ahead and kill that shit. Light weightttt yeeyee 
Do you guys shave your bodies? I'm hairy af but feel real gay shaving my stomach and arms and shit. But maybe gay is the way to go with you guys...
Shave my stomach and chest, get my back waxed. 
I've been shaving my body since this year's Mr. O. I've never felt so clean. Showers are simpler and butt wiping takes less TP. I'm still a little self-conscious about wearing shorts because my bare calves feel a little too feminine.
Don't shave, just trim
I use my beard trimmer on my chest, stomach, and have my lil brother get my back and upper arms. I do it maybe once a month when its not summer and maybe once ever other week over the summer. Takes a grand 20-30 mins to do including pubes.
just buzz with a beard trimmer
I shave. I personally like being able to see the muscle definition I'm working for. But do whatever floats ya boat
I'm a hairy motherfucker--shoulders, back, chest, stomach, legs. It really sucks. Tried shaving in the past but the effort wasn't worth it. I've honestly been thinking about getting laser treatment, but the cost is outrageous.   Definitely give it a go though. If you can handle the regrowth itch, it always looks nicer. Good way to show off your core. 
You convinced me. I guess the worst thing that happens is I'm itchy for a few days
Just make sure you grab some rash/aftershave balm. It won't get rid of the itch entirely, but it does make a difference. I bought a massive cheap tube from my local discount pharmacy and it lasted me ages. They often come in both men's and women's but I don't think it really matters as the ingredients are often overwhelmingly the same. 
Similar thing here, I've got some gorilla legs. I've been almost considering shaving them and then just wearing jeans all the time since it's getting cold up here if it looks weird. 
I shaved my stomach and after a day of awful itching I did like the way it looked. Kept chest hairy though, wasn't ready to go full smoothskin
I have to shave my nipples like every week. I'm so scared to cut my nipple with the razor
Try using a trimmer instead. I used to never shave my balls cuz I was scared to cut myself, but since using a trimmer, shit is smoother than a baby's bottom
You feel gay shaving your body? But not gay looking at muscular, oiled up men in tiny underwear? 
Only when my cut is going well. If you shave on a bulk you're gonna have a bad time
Alright shaved my chest and abs. Turns out my abs weren't hidden behind hair and I'm just a flabby piece of shit
Any ideas on how to have more energy in the gym? After a hard day of work I just slog through my workouts. My lifts have gone down considerably. I use pre workout on some days, and caffeine pills on others, but it does not seem to work anymore.
Does anyone have good protein bar recipe?
Cuffing season is real, bros. It's fucking real.
Just ended it with a girl I was talking to for the past 2 months. She showed up to all my soccer games and gave me back massages and did my laundry and all that good stuff. I ended things because I have commitment issues hahaha fun stuff
U dun fkd up there son go see a therapist
So.. we're producing about 40 eggs/day from our free range chickens. Anyone else have experience prepping liquid egg whites and using it on a regular basis?
The weed and alcohol I get, but why no fapping? How else are you gonna get them forearm gains?
You're gonna last 3 days TOPS. Addictions are not fought all at once.
I looked big in every mirror I walked past today.  Usually it's just the gym mirrors.
made an account just to ask, how tf did you overshoot your calories by 1100?
i forgot to add in the 5.5 poptarts I ate 
lmfao yep that'll do it 
Mate, just brush it off and get back to it tomorrow. One day is not going to kill you. In the past I've done the same thing and have tried to smash cardio to amend my sins. But all it did was hamper my lifts. Consider it a lesson learned.  
Shout out to bowling ball shoulder daddy with the Lamb of God tattoo that allowed me to bother him about a better forearm routine because his are thicc. Lemme spot you squattin', no homo.
Did legs today, after a night of drinking, i don't know why i put myself through this torture.
Had a few fuck around months with programming and just started doing all the exercises I liked. Tempted to swap to PPL - Would be good to have an actual programme to follow and have good stuff about awinanrisyou routine
One week out from NPC Badger State. So fired up to get on stage for my first physique show. 
bbc genetics are P R I M E. I hope one day I can tan myself to bbc. 
2 weeks until soccer season is over. And that means the beginning of bulk season. 
Spent all day today canvassing. Too much cardio and not enough food so no gains were made today 
Sometimes u gotta stop reading and take the wheel until she says watch out and you crash into a tree at 50mph.
at least in my experience girls will let you know real quick if they don't fuck with you... Otherwise it's gucci.  Just act like you're getting along but if they run away or stop talking to you then yeah you probably fucked up somewhere   Oh also it helps to read the instructions that come in the box 
Fuck her bf to establish dominance.
Nothing, because she has a bf.
Yeah everyone knows that it's the next part
Hit 250 for 4 sets of 5 on squats and 255 for 3 sets of 5 on deadlift. Poverty lifts but Im still up 45 pounds on my squat in like 6 and a half weeks and 50 on the deadlift. Going for a 1RM of 315 on squats by the end of the year, but I'm not sure what a realistic goal for Deadlifts should be. I'm only able to progress 5 pounds at a time on squats, but 10 pounds per session on deadlifts still. Im do each roughly 2 times a week, so does anyone have thoughts on a realistic goal I should aim for for deadlifts?
Anybody have any routines for 5 days a week which are more cardio intensive? Or ones with a lot of volume that. I've been doing phat for 2 years and I need a change and I'm trying to cut another 15 pounds. Also I need a to stop eating Indian buffet. 
Add stair master or something after every workout for 15 minutes see if that helps 
Been a while since I posted, I'm looking for a cheap scale nothing fancy. Any recommendations. Literally the cheapest one that is accurate works I don't need those fancy subthings just weigh me. 
I'm trying to fine tune my diet before I begin my first cycle. The main element I am trying to figure out is ideal carb sources. I have been carb cycling for the past few months with 4 low carb days, 2 med carb days and 1 high carb day. If I were to eat about 200g carb from white rice after training on my high carb day and then the next morning I woke up looking slightly bloated rather than lean and full would that mean I should eliminate white rice as an option? 
before you completely throw out the idea of working with free weights don't you think you should give it more thought? maybe see a doctor?
just did legs, waiting for breakfast to cook
Muscletees are the dream, not only shows of my great debts and arms but also hides my poverty-chest
Imma blame Samsung for not truly preaching the iron path on this one
Thinking of buying a pair of 20lb dumbells to do accessories on my off days at home. What other inexpensive pieces of equipment are good for accessory work at home? Not trying to build a home gym have no space for big pieces and more than one pair of dumbells us pushing it. 
Pull-up bar, resistance bands.
Feeder workouts?
Re-reading that it sounded like a self brag but the point was you can get stuff way cheaper locally than online, ask around. 
bandsss
Need to find fresh gym apparel that ships international (am in a SEA country). Any intro BRAHS????
Just tried lateral raises with cables. God damn are those awesome. My shoulders are ready to explode 10/10
Skipped the gym last night because I was coming down with a cold or something and I worked a 12h.  Went today instead, feeling a bit better..still after a 12h.   Casually squatted 325lbs x3 for a 5lb   3rm pr.   I even got videos of my warm ups leading up to it and my 295 and 315 singles were smooth af.  I don't get it. How the fuck do I lift the best after work, with no preworkout, sub optimal sleep/diet compared to with pre, on my day off with a full stomach. Literally failed 325x3 Monday by only getting 1 rep. 
Stuff like that's all in your head. The first few were smooth and the confidence carried through. 
Need some advice on an injury bros. I'm reaching the tail end of a bulk, was planning on starting my cut on November 1st. Just recently developed what I think is tennis elbow which will restrict from doing any upper body work for at least a week proably more.   Should I just drop to maintenance calories for a bit, then start my cut early as I won't be able to pack on any more muscle mass due to injury? My thinking is that maybe I can do enough volume to maintain LBM during the cut without aggravating my elbow.   Or should I keep bulking and just focus on lower body (not a weakpoint for me though)?   Or just drop to maintenance and stay there until I heal?
Bro, it's 1-2 weeks. Realistically how much muscle do you expect to gain/lose?   Drop down to maintenance to drop your water weight and hit the ground running on the cut.
Drinking kills gains 
You forgot gear until you puke
Where were you taking it? 
Upside down 
Okay so I just did bent over rows, doing 3-5 reps, felt really good so I pushed out a 6th rep. When I put down the bar I feel incredibly stiff and some pain on the right side of my neck, kind of where the trap end up towards my right ear. If I bend my neck to the left I barely feel anything but as soon as I bend my neck to the right it hurts and I can't bend it more. Anyone know what this is? If I flex my neck it hurts as well..
Sounds like you just pulled something. Ice, heat, rest, etc
You're very welcome
Final update on the girl situation. Told me this morning she can't make it. Convenient but fuck it. Tren and Clen have me too shaky and mad to give a fuck so either she reschedules or that's that. Seems like she won't though but I'm headed out in about 2 hours so pray for me that I fare better tonight 
That's just glycogen and water bro. 
Just came back from the Europa. Got about 30 free samples, 3 t shirts, 2 shakers, and a photo with Robert Oberst (strongman competitor). It's no Olympia but pretty legit.
I am early as hell in the DD today. Anyways, my right shoulder has suffered from pretty bad muscle atrophy due to a labrum surgery and I was wondering if it will come back to "normal" ever? Also what can I do to prevent injuries? 
What do you guys reckon about green tea extract? I got a bunch of powder for really cheap, and a few bbs I know swear by it. I've been trying it out for a week or two but I have absolutely no idea if it's doing anything.   
look it up on examine.com, and you should get a decent idea on what works and what doesn't. 
Thanks for these. I already do the first very often everyday but I will try out the second. 
You're pretty hot girl what up 
smh I clicked the link again because I forgot what it was 
Anyone know a good upper lower routine without machines? 
Squat 
Lyle McDonald's Generic Bulking Routine.    PHUL. 
Currently doing PPL, I want to move into a bodybuilding routine focused on hypertrophy. What is the best program to help build mass? I am currently bulking if that helps. 
Ya IMO PPL is the best pure hypertrophy routine there is for a natty. Upping the volume is a good idea. So is introducing a fixed progression guideline for bench, OHP, squat, and deadlift to make sure you're progressing, I suggest gzcl or 2-sunds 5/3/1. Stronger is bigger
I'd stick with PPL if natty
Uh, PPL.  Up the volume if you think it's not working well.
Op not looking too small
If you're 5'6", he's honestly no taller than 5'4" judging by the photo.
Woa, even with the cap he looks over an inch and a half shorter than you... I'd say less than 5'5" judging from this pic
Danny's shoe game is on point
I don't know man, seems like something a teenager would wear...
Unsupreme Black Elephants right?
If you are 5'6" then Danny must be 5'4" tops.
Eh, you got great fuckin' biceps. 
height, op?
What gym do you train at up here?
Body renew on old Seward and northern lights and also planet fitness on dimond.  Hit me up man, we can meet for a workout if you're local.  
tren jaw of peace 
Hey op what brand of t-shirt is that?
OP deliver pls
Arizona brand co., Got it in red and light blue at jc penneys a couple years back, dunno if they have the same ones nowadays.  
thank you opie
Op looks way better rofl
Ah I'm sure crrohns prolly worked against you on a cut. Either way you look incredible man. 
do you smoke weed so you can eat more?
Negative
What sort of diet are you working with? My wife has Crohn's, and she's stuck with a low reside diet. It's hard to find recipes that work for her that meet her macros since lean meats and rice are about the only things that are consistently digestible for her. 
How do you prep your chicken? I dread eating mine.
Get some Nandos marinade man, chop up the breast and leave it over night with the sauce on (It's really good macro wise) and just fry it enough that it kind of burns it a little (It's just the sauce) and i swear it gets better every time.
Medication and infusions. What's that?
Well when i first got diagnosed i had 8 weeks of meal replacement shakes (aka no food) to repair the damage in my intestines. From there i've been on Infliximab infusions every 8 weeks, and Allopurinol /Puri-nethol Tablets every night. 
Sick physique though mate, arms are your strength so show them off as often you can while perfecting your posing. And are you natty? 
Yeah i am, can't rationalise the money / stress on my body if it wasn't to be going for a pro card in the states. Hate seeing people i know use them "To look good for summer"...
Dude, if I look as good as you do in 3 years I will be HYPE. Solid work and I was surprised to hear you were natty. 
What's a natty ?
Respect mate. How many years have you been working out?
Probably close to 3 years now, i was still sick or getting treatment when i was 18. Didn't start training till after that (No energy / hated my appearance - i wish i had pictures but i never let people take them haha).
42lbs in 18 weeks. That's rough and now I'm concerned about the bulk I'm on right now. Seems cut would be brutal.  What were your cutting cals?
I think i may have left my cut a little late, or perhaps our calculations are different because that is a pretty large variance?
Hey man I think that was me, it's truly been a journey for me bbing with Crohns and I can see it must've been quite a road for you too. Massive props to you dude, you look great. Careful after peak week, the rebound almost brought me out of remission from the binges lol
Haha yeah im bracing my self for a slow ease out of dieting i think or else... I didn't know you did a show? How'd you go?
Nice dude, yeah cold foods are really good, i remember being sick sleeping on the tiles and icepacks on my stomachs to try and reduce the pain. Jelly and Ice cream 10/10 (Will say sugar free jelly has saved me alot this prep).
Although last night i did have a dream a pizza ate me...
arms look fucking massive in that first post. gotta be 18s
Rather be tall than a cutlet
Looked at the pics before I saw your height and was like where's the pics of him at 158lbs?  Even at 5.7ft, looking massive for 158lbs bro.
You look great. Think your arms are slightly too high in the front double bicep though. 
I thought bodybuilding was hard with Crohns cause it meant you're always shitting your gains away, but I keep seeing people with great physiques that have the disease
Crohns is a very individual disease. Some respond very well to medication and can live a pretty much normal life and some does not respond well and has a constant struggle. And some are somewhere in between,
Yeah worst part is you just never know. Although i was relieved to get diagnosed with it, because they had me as bulimic and forcing me to see shrinks....
Well on the cut there were days like that, yesterday was about 45-60mins on the old toilet... Gets tough but gotta pull through it.
what really does having crohns mean, eli5
a form of inflammatory bowel syndrome. Basically you get your alimentary tracts being extremely sensitive to foreign stuff (which is bad for us because food are foreign stuff). This leads to a severe decrease in nutrient absorption, and inflammatory reaction cascades in the body (think diarrhoea, general feeling of sickness aka malaise etc) 
omg that's terrible dude is there a cure?
I'm not a doctor nor am I working as a medical scientist in this field, but as far as I know there hasn't been a definitive cure. There are symptomatic treatments and palliative care for patients, I believe, but there is no curative treatment as of yet, due to its complex aetiology (cause). There are active medical researches going on in the field so hopefully we'll get to some form of cure soon (probably gonna involve gene therapy).
r/circlejerk
I also love his ass. Little bit of homo
I love everything about him.   Full on homo. 
Except there's literally no calves. 
They look better in person i swear...
Sorry to point it out but since your posting pictures here I'm assuming your fine with people critiquing. 
Don't seem like you had 42 lbs of fat to lose in the first pic
I need more before pics 
I'd kill to have those lean arm genetics. My body decides to not have any fat on my back before my arms/face/abs get lean... life
You look excellent.  I second the suggestion of lowering your arms in the FDB. I also think the side relaxed looks better if the arm closer to the camera doesn't jut back as much.  Give us an update after the show.
Lookin good dude.
Damn son that's a drop 
Glutes of peace
Really wanted to get some striations there so im quietly proud of them haha
But he in not natty like the OP. sooo... not a fair comparision?
I don't think he was comparing, just stating the two. Sad thing is how much flex makes yet how much he is dedicated to his craft, hard to rationalise the drug use when being Mr Olympia at 212 is what 20k prize money?
Flex is LOADED, lol. Prize money means nothing, not even to the Mr.O.  It's what comes with the win and the popularity that counts. 
Yeah i know that much, the sponsors and the following. Just makes no sense when Phil won 50k at the biggest show in bodybuilding, and yet Rami won 300k in the show after? Mirin' the lifestyle but for a natty Accountant in australia it would need a shooting star wish.
You trolling? Phil won over 400k at the Olympia. 
Natty?
Yes
Lmao why was this downvoted
How the heck. How much time do you put into your workout? Are you able to have a job at the same time?
Pls OP give us ur secrets
You would be wrong.
vv
Am I the odd one out in this sub? I would prefer to look like the first pic. Larger muscle mass as opposed to being leaner.
Difference is one is stage ready and one is life ready, i know which one i want to live like, but i had time off before my Chartered Accountant course so i figured this would be the best time for me to see what bodybuilding was like / if i enjoyed it etc.
Try to bring your elbows down a little more in your rear double bi to bring out the lats more.
total hot man
Your arms are jacked as fuk for 158lb
Damn, looking incredible
that front relaxed is pretty badass
Do more shrugs, your traps are disproportionately small.
Your arms in fdb (and first pic) look insane
You look insane in the first pic broski, only things i think could come up are your back and calves. Nice posing btw
Absurd biceps. Looks great 
Ergh chrones..  Can't imagine how shitty that is.   Impressive transformation none the less
What show are you doing? I'm also one week out from my physique show. 
INBA Brisbane show, im annn Ausssiieeee
What does your training routine/split look like?
PHAT hybrid i would say.  Upper Power  Lower Power - Squats  Cardio  Back Shoulders Hyper  Lower Hyper - Averagely heavy Deadlifts (love the loud weight)  Chest Arms Hyper  Cardio.
Why aren't you working calves? 
Isn't that I don't train them, just forget to turn them on when posing.
So you only did cardio twice a week? 
What brand/ where does one get bodybuilding certified speedos like that?
Yeah no idea, my brother gave me these which i believe he got for free from doing a show (as a fuck around), not complaining cause they are pretty pricey...
Serratus goals right there man, they're out of control, what do you do for them?
The ol dumbbell pullovers and cable pullovers, I think it was Sadik in a recent video that showed how he does the Dumbbell, really utilising your breath to stretch the chest and back. Vintagegenetics is another person who shows much love to the exercise.
Could be the fact there was a bit to lose in order to get down for the show, i know Vintagegenetics recommends keeping fats high. But yeah i get a little joint pain but nothing that isn't gone the following day.
Maybe its just me but you don't look like you had 40 pounds to lose from that 1st pic(assuming thats what you're saying)
Truth. Hopefully someone will come along and get us something groundbreaking. This SCD diet or paleo diet helps a ton though
Any way this can be prevented? I eat a pack of pasta everyday with chickpeas, and I feel like my digestive system is gonna get inflamed. Should I not eat as much carbs? I have about 4 shits a day..
Very good proportion genetics man. 5'7. I thought u are easily 6ft 
Like I said...You have the lower body and you have no upper body, you got a problem building...wait a minute. You have the upper body, and you have no legs, you got a problem building your legs. You have the upper...you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, the upper body, it is easier to build. So if you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, it is easier to build the upper body. You have the upper body and you don't have the legs, you got a problem building the lower body... No, you don't understand. You have the upper body, but you don't have the lower body, you got a problem building downstairs. You got the up- legs on the bottom, it is easier to build on the top, so you don't have much as a problem. Yeah
Have you tried going vegan?
...
This is awesome I live in Houston and been looking for a non globo gym was thinking about befit gym but I'll have to stop by and check this one out too you have any word on what pricing looks like?
What about hours?
6-9 pm 7 days a week for right now, once they're more established i think they are thinking of making it 24 hour with swipe access.
Ahh ok.. might check them out once they're open in the evenings then .
Quick google answers that
It shows info for some place in Florida
and some instagram photos
That's interesting. I always thought Houston was one of the biggest cities for bodybuilding, so I assumed there would be a lot more gyms there
i mean, we definitely have some great gyms, but I feel like they are all out of the loop (which means if you are in the town center, you're driving minimum 30 minutes)
Makes sense, I have no clue since I'm from the North haha
Sounds like I'll have to go by there when I go to Houston sometime this fall
Is this what you were prepping your eyebrows for?
Thats sick. Wish it was closer to me
You don't really need to ask a bunch of questions they should tell you what you need to know.
This is more for my understanding, of things other people(who have competed) wish they had learned more about before there first time. Its not that I don't trust my coach, otherwise I wouldn't be using him.
Hence classic physique 
You mean mini bodybuilding?
Because they look fucking sick
Downvotes from the tards. Platz ramy or gtfo
I'll never get the "every muscle should be big but legs" shit. Like thats the point of bodybuilding, why the hell would you want to blow up your upper body and neglect legs? Legs look freaky and have unique separations and proportions, they add so much to the overall package.
Bro because legs don't get me laid.  Plus they slow down my healing system.  Frat boy workouts is all you need (chest and bi)
Always superset   Then chase protein with tequila 
Make that tequila a minnow shot for added protein.
I think Ramy's legs are hugely disproportionate.  he's just all quads.
Yeah.  Not sure what everyone likes him so much for...    Young and huge maybe?     
True aesthetic is doesn't exist as something clearly defined. Since beauty is in the eye of the beholder, what people find aesthetic is different person to person. Why the current Mr. O has to be a massive motherfucker is because the Olympia committee probably thinks that's the best. But the majority of people are drifting towards the old school look hence the introduction of Classic Physique.  Overall, people differ on what they find aesthetic ("I just want to be Brad Pitt in Fight Club vs GET BIG, LIVE BIG, DIE BIG, LEAVE A HUGE COFFIN).  
DAE Golden Era??
I think the large distended bellies of today's modern physique are breathtaking. 
Ronnie Coleman and Lee Haney both won Mr. O 8 times a piece. (A tie for the most wins) Before bodybuilding they both played football and division 1 football scholarships paid for there educations. So they both started bodybuilding after like 10 plus years of serious weight training with a focus on strength and endurance especially  in the legs. That became the standard, having ever bit as much muscle mass as an NFL player (or more) but shredded. 
At most local shows guys lack great legs  That's why I dominate 
I agree, and prefer smaller legs for myself, but the trend now is bigger. You might take some solace in Big Ramys legs this year at the olympia, as he obviously let them get smaller for his overall look and came in weighing a lot less. Maybe we are seeing the beginning of a shift.
Leave.
YouTube videos of the dudes posing who placed vs the dudes who didn't place. Most shows are different. 
You're saying look at what the winners do and see what the losers did different? That'd probably be my best bet as I've never heard of any show around here, amateur or pro so I couldn't physically go watch. 
I think they look for a couple hundred dollar bills slipped into their clip boards by your manager just before you take the stage
I ised to be in the same boat as you. After readingand watching a lot of posing video from people - who i considered at least  to be the best posers you just kind of understand. Practicing also helps. Im amazed at how many people I see who are more aestetic than I am (at least right now) but they cant project the best image of their own physique because maybe they're shoulder positioning is off in the side tri, or their FDB is shitty because their arms arent rotates correctly, etc
Did you get most of your information from here and YouTube or is there any other resources you could point me to?
Yea pretty much what you said. 
Go visit shows too 
That tat on his chest looks like it's staring at some nice ass
It's the "when you cum but she still sucking" meme
His traps look weird
Agreed, why are they so pointy?
probably from all the Olympic weightlifting and genetics. snatch pulls and clean pulls hit my traps harder then regular shrugs imo. 
Look at the traps of all the big powerlifters. Take eric lillebridge, his are insane. Its all the deads and stuff, i found its been working for me too recently
One shoulder is raised a bit holding the camera  
When shoulders/traps day is every day 
So OL
Dude looks very good. On a side note I was actually reading not so long ago that his ex girlfriend got popped for drugs by crossfit and she claimed she got it from swallowing his cum lol
go to excuse from now on
Those delts are aesthetic as fuck.   I'm in the minority that believes there is no such thing as too much delts, EVER
Das' right, Hannah.
They look great in a relaxed position, but delts that overpower your arms can ruin your front double bicep.
He needs to shave for that Tien Shinhan swag.
I think if they overpower the arms or chest it can look a bit silly, or if they look oily / misshapen. 
The only reason I find "too much" to be unaesthetic is because it can make your chest look fucking tiny.
Metroid shoulders or die.
tfw I have fusion delts 
What the hell he looks different from the calstrength vids. Is it shopped?
Just no perspective  in this photo, just a straight up close up in the mirror
delts of peace 
"looks decent" lol ok
his delts outgrew the rest of his physique 
Most of his upper body is from jerks and presses, not surprising
I grew my right half from mainly jerks
Quagmire gains
More like oily weightlifter
Decent? Id suck a dick for that physique.
I've got bad news for you...
You're sucking dicks anyways so it doesn't make much difference.
Mirin IG name
Holy shit trap and delt goals
Got dayum that dude is sexy.
now those are some dope ass tattoos unlike a lot of bodybuilders have
He's not a bodybuilder, but he does indeed look good
cannon balls
Any idea how long he's been doing this?  I remember when Klokov and Jon North decided to do this, they got super lean and looked pretty good except for the lack of pecs.  Scott looks like he's actually done some chest work
North looked like absolute shit. Klokov was aight tho. 
That is actually quite a joocy physique. 
Is he the guy from  that YouTube channel?
His delts scared his obliques away.
the synth is strong with this one
Uh, no?
Uh, yea
I agree, those delts are a red flag for steroids. Sorry to say.
Why would you go back long before he had tats to get the "real body"?..
To show what he really looks like.  The arms are basically the same size.. but the shoulders are fake as fuck.  If you cant see that.. whatever.  Now that I look at it.. the arms now look unnatural too. All bloated with no shape or veins, yet in the before pic, he did show vascularity in his arms.
Why would he have oil in his shoulders or in his body at all when he's a weightlifter?   To comment on your edit, the rest of his body isn't the same size lol
What kind of animal deadlifts in flip flops?
Synthol delts. 
A weightlifter has no use for synthol
Weightlifters don't have egos?  Oh ok.  Those delts are fucked up. 
fatty 
He looks like he can't read.
Goblin gains.
Our possum king
Chris Bumstead's coach as well. These pics really don't do him justice.
Honestly don't like this physique at all
His skin looks like sandpaper it's making me itchy
Insane amount of work and drugs put in to end up looking like shit. Neato.
(Waiting for pics of yourself so we can compare.)
Im giggling incessantly to this
K.O.
25 going on 40. Nice guy though. 
Haters everywhere
Branch 2.0
This guy really needs to work harder on his calfs.  
Yo right?
Would love to see an undroopy chest in your opinion ok haha
traps too big for shoulders? weak arms? give me a fucking break
"Hey bro, get up here and take your pants off and then I'm going to touch your leg."
Watching a man pull down his pants and shake his legs got me way too excited.   Also, baseball hat guy looks like a tool. 
Tool confirmed. 
Sounds like a strip club to me
Thatsthejoke.jpeg
It's weird.. when I was a kid I had no idea how gay the world of bodybuilding was, I just wanted to look like the guys in the comic books I was reading.  Looking at this thing through the eyes of an adult.... wow. All the schmoe-tastic factors involved in the sport.  We've actually come to a level where you are supposed to hike your thong between your ass cheeks to show of the definition in your ass... think about it for a moment.
this is gay porn.
Well an intro for bigger things to cum...
Well an intro for bigger things to cum...
That video-music combination was not gay at all.
how does he even find pants
big ramy is a centaur
Did they ever get the payouts sorted from the first year?
i like these type of candid videos, fuck the whole "THIS IS ME IN THE GYM" type stuff, it gets dull.  Steve use to do the same type of candid pure candid vlogging type stuff, but now he's just become a commercial as fuck youtuber and it's boring as fuck to watch.
Was it candid though?
steve introduced me to that 5 calorie jello... which is amazing  stevevlogscomeback please
Fucking this. I've unsubbed on most fitness youtube channels because of this reason, it's all motivation this and lifestyle that, 'What separates you..'.. Felt like I was subbed to a Tony Robbins channel.
His accent always surprises me. Never would have pegged him as a Noo Yawker
Gotta have some almond milk in the cowoffee.
I'm not a native English speaker and had British English education at school. So I'm used to quite a lot of different accents of English-speaking people but that accent is one of the most annoying accents I've heard. 
pretty basic/neutral NY accent to me (as a non native English speaker living in Manhattan). some of the guys I share my office with are quite hardcore compared to him (hi NJ guys)
Philly/NJ is far worse 
Can confirm. I'm from south jersey and have the shittiest accent in the world lol. 
Wrong. Buffalo.
"Alla yous"
Look up Boston Accent if you think New York is bad. 
Am of Indian descent. I agree. Indian accents are the worst. 
hahaha I love how you included Indians out of nowhere
They're fucking everywhere at my school
Look up the Brummy accent in England if you want annoying haha
that's not an accent dude that's a completely different fuckin language from what I can tell
Ehh whatcha up too der boay
I love brummie accent from Peaky Blinders lol
TIL He's American. 
Why the fuck can't he have cinnamon on his oatmeal during prep
I was thinking about that, too. I think the rationale is that cinnamon only tastes good with sugar. If you don't want the calories from sugar, then you might as well not add the cinnamon.  Sorry, what did I say that was wrong?
Cinnamon has a number of chemicals with medicinal/drug properties.  Most of them probably aren't going to have a big impact on your stage performance, but why take that risk?
LMAO yea, why take the risk of cinnamon when you can take orals and Tren...
Gear is exactly why those guys have to be more careful. Every drug you add to a cocktail exponentially complicates effects and possible sides.  Again, it'll probably do absolutely nothing, but why take the risk?
Have you ever taken gear mate? cinnamon is the least of your worries when you're on it xD
Yeah, but it falls in the same category as booze.  "I can probably get away with a few drinks, but why risk it for such a minimal upside?"
OK
He said he couldn't have any sauces in contest prep, so I assume that it goes for seasonings as well. 
yeah but why 
Because you lack basic nutrition knowledge and listen to a coach thats always been doing the same thing "and it works". 
Not if he's been using the same coach. Abs always look like shit on stage 
those two calories are the difference between the dickskin of a circumsized and uncircumsized penis on his arms
Visual description.
That was my first thought 
Cinnamon is liver toxic. Chances are he is taking orals and tren, both of which are also liver toxic. Just giving the honest to god truth.
but it's far more likely that one of the top bodybuilding competitors in the world is just stupid.
Because prep is a time when bro science and black magic are the only way to get reliable results. You don't get to eat anything that tastes good, because suffering is how you get results. Wheat? It's cursed. Sugar? Cursed. Fat? Sodium? Pure evil.   Bodybuilders are permitted to eat oats, rice, chicken , white fish, brocolli, and spinach to prepare for contests, and nothing else. These are the foods that the Lord of Fat Loss allows. 
Shows that you dont know shit
Shows that you don't understand sarcasm.
flavorless whey protein in water.
never had flavorless whey, i guess it tastes like when you mix water with milk ?
that's a good description
tastes like cum
Better order me some 5kg
sadik or steve cook flavor?
no wonder my ex always got flavorless whey 
More like water with chalk but maybe imagining it's milk helps
Nope, can't have that either.
What about the vanilla extract tho? I've never actually looked at the nutrition on that shit...
I love how happy he sounds buying some of these things. What a cool dude
Sadik seems like a real cool dude
Yeah he's pretty down to earth if you ask me 
Fuck not this again 
What's wrong with being honest and humble? 
I love that whole foods, right around the corner from bevs I go there all the time after I lift they have so much good shit
I have so much respect for professional/competing bodybuilders. Not only do they lift hard as fuck and do massive amount of cardio to drop weight/get stage ready but their diets are absolutely insane. At one point he said he only eats rice/oatmeal for carbs in a contest prep... that shit would drive me nuts. I need pasta in my life. No sauces, only extremely lean meat. That dedication and drive is just so impressive to me.
Question from a novice, is there a reason Sadik buys almond milk as opposed to normal? Is it just personal preference or is there a bodybuilding related reason to avoid lactose?
dairy (well, milk proteins) is also quite awful for acne. 
I drink almond milk because it's fewer calories than regular milk and so I get to have more (and I never struggle to eat enough).
he went straight to the bulk section
potatoes are dirt cheap, why not get organic? also, why the fuck can't he have cinnamon or vanilla extract...?
I'm guessing because they grow underground? I've known people that only buy organic if it's above ground (not carrots or potatoes or radishes) and you eat the skin (not bananas or oranges) because of the pesticides
Pretty sure they're eating the roots.
Ah good point.
Can anyone list what he bought in the video for those of us using mobile data?
Potatoes, ground beef, chicken boobs, BBQ sauce, frozen veggies, flavored oatmeal, and I can't remember anything else
Bros what kind of bread was that? Couldn't unterstand him.
Ezekiel bread
You're welcome, friend.
Just sooo much bro. But delicious 
he might be grown up / well off enough to give zero F about the price tags 
yeah but this is reddit you have to get a job you hate and never spend money so you can build a really nice investment portfolio to line your coffin when you die
He never said he's going cheap just showing whst he eats
Whole foods on Long Island. I'd say he got a deal lol
Blueberries are expensive right now
I buy those huge bags of frozen blueberries..so much cheaper
Oh absolutely. But that wasn't my point 
Huh? 
What's your question?
Huh's on first?
Looks like he just installed copper piping. Fuck. 
looking truly plumbed
so if I eat my meat raw I can look like that?  Also be able to flip my pan 
Only the snap chatters will know why this is funny
Fr tho, his insta always makes me hungry af. 
Dude knows how to eat well when he decides to go for a banger. All his monday morning shit looked legit
Blue rare /s
His last name is actually spelled Tren
"They dont laugh anymore." Sure. Keep telling yourself that. Now that youre not 190lbs people all of a sudden take you totes serious. I bet this guy doesnt live to see the 2020s with all that steroid use, but at least they stopped laughing... 
You must be fun at parties. 
Why did you come to this sub?
I wonder if his name is a coincidence.
nickname is huge
nah it's just 4 letters
its not his actual name 
Freaky like Craynola
The guy looks like a freak. does anyone find his physique appealing serious question.
I don't like where his nipples sit on his chest/chest insertions. 
No a freak in a disgusting way. Mainly the veins 
U wot
Veins? Really?  Why are you on this sub?
To keep up to date on bodybuilding 
You're way behind then
Even though he's turned around you know roelly is still making that fucking face 
God he was annoying in generation iron the way he threw his head around 
I'm all for Roelly and I would love for him to win a Olympia. But what the fuck is with all the people commenting "omg Roelly much better, bigger back bla bla..." do you have a fucking clue what you are talking about? Roelly may have this pose covered but I would be damned if Phil didn't blow out the rest of the competition in the remaining poses. ESPECIALLY the back double bicep. Holy fuck Phil's BDB is so freaky. And that also happens to be one of Roelly's weakest poses. His arms overpower his back by a fuckton. But I still love my Roelly but fuck these comments need to stop
BDB is the only pose he dominated. The others were all pretty close and he lost the lat spreads badly. He wins because there isn't one single competitor who pushes him across all the poses.
hahaha no fucking way. The only pose that people can touch Heath is FDB. 
you just went full retard. Phil smoked everyone.
Did you watch a different Olympia? Everyone else was fighting for second place while Phil was just waiting for his trophy 
roelly still salty. bruh your not gonna beat phil would be better off compare to bonac to and get into top 5 next year.
Phil still wins this while being way smaller. And his BDB just destroys the competition.
Except Roelly is smaller in terms of height, I don't know why Roelly always posts pictures of himself as tall as phil, which gives the illusion that he's way bigger then he actually is
Love Roelly but he's making himself look bigger than he actually is here. I'm not a huge fan of Phil but his back is by far the most aesthetic of any of the current contestants
Isnt roelly like 5'8 to Phils 5'9? Height in the pictures looks similar
Roelly is  5'7 tops
Coleman was 5'10 and phil is a couple inches smaller, probably 5'8.
I can't tell if those are veins or striations on Phils lower traps but small details like that help him win this pose
I'm taking the back on the right all day...phil did beat him in most though
I have been building a website which is a central hub of information about anything steroid related. It contains cycle write-ups, competition prep journals, a beginners guide to your first Test cycle, articles on specific compounds and more. Feedback would be appreciated and if there is anybody on here that is knowledgeable on a certain subject and would like to contribute an article feel free to drop me a PM.  www.bodymaxing.com/
Liking the site. Added it to my favorites. Keep it up brah
I know you didn't write the article I'm referencing, but what dose might someone run both dbol and adrol at? The author says he ran 100 mg of adrol with 50 mg dbol...seems like too much for me. What about cutting those doses in half?
I did 50/50 and it worked out nicely. Honestly just use the lowest amount possible that yields quality results
IMO 50mg of each is a great stack for an intermediate user, I loved it and didn't experience anything negative. VERY rapid glycogen supercompensation. 
50mg dbol is pretty awesome, 25mg you won't feel much really  Edit if you are doing dbol alone, sorry
50mg dbol preworkout only  smash PRs like a walk in the park
Yah my strength went up like a mofo, and so did the water weight lol
20mg of high-quality dbol alone and you'll notice a lot. Maybe if you're used to blasting grams of stuff you won't feel a lot but that's probably because your receptors will be saturated by that point anyway.
I've used both 25 and 50 mg of dbol per day and make fine gains with 25, although I prefer 50 mg. Sometimes I'll run 25 per day and bump it up to 50 on days when I want a boost in strength/blood-flow. It's enjoyable
That guy is a big motherfucker with 20 years of blasting under his belt. For an average user I'd recommend running 50mg Anadrol with 20mg Dianabol and 500mg of TUDCA alongside as your liver support.
I'd personally bump up the dbol to 30mg.
Well yeah, I assume a noob isn't using 100 mg of adrol, let alone in conjunction with another oral. Thanks, homie
What do you get from such a low dose of tren?
What do you get from such a low dose of tren?
Why stop?
Need to get some invasive exams done and the Tren would interfere. 
First I've heard of this interaction. What kind of invasive exams?  How would tren affect it?
Heart exam
Colonoscopy. Tren dilates the butthole too much 
No homo?
is this a true or a troll lmao
Hardcore troll. Tren increases BP/heart rate which can be dangerous when you are put under or operated on. In essence it doesn't matter what surgery OP is getting, anything invasive could be potentially dangerous
Were you cruising on tren?
I'm not sure 200mg/wk would qualify as a cruise... 
Everything's a cruise if you don't care about your life
Then I guess wherever I get up to 1g/wk of Test/Tren/Mast I'll still call it a cruise. 
I was joking really. People do cruise on 100mg tren sometimes, though didn't know if you were trying to cruise higher to see how it worked.
I know, I might actually try cruising on 100mg Tren in the future. 
What do you get from such a low dose of tren?
Got natty bloods done today. I still need to make an order, but looking forward to turning in my natty card. Question is best way to minimize bloat for a simple Test E cycle. I have a PL comp somewhere in the middle and would like to cut water weight to remain in my specified class. I have some dandelion root, and have successfully cut water in the past. I'm just curious if there is anything different I should do. Thanks
Have you thought about adding an oral to help with bloat 3-4 weeks out to the comp?
I agree, and around week 10-12 you'll have a good feel for things and mid-cycle bloods done. Look up sdrol for strength gains, for your meet in particular, I don't know if it's good for bloat but 3-4 weeks of it towards the end could be fantastic.
Thanks, I'll look into it. The only thing I know about sdrol is it's on the high end of harsh on the liver compared to others, but I'll research more orals in that family. 
keeping e2 within range will help the most.
And don't eat like fuck
I don't, and I won't lol. 
How are you in your weight class? At top end might be risky 
I walk around a little towards the high end of the next weight class. A little psmf, and a water cut has me way under, but 24 hour weigh in so meh. 
Experience on pinning traps? 
Pointless, I don't understand why people open up unnecessary injection sites. I injected daily for months on end and never had to use anything other than glutes, ventro glutes and occasionally delts.
Late to the party, but did you not develop scar tissue pinning just those sites all the time? 
Nope, no notable scar tissue on any of the sites 
Traps is a bad place to pin because there are a lot of nerves in them.
Not my style personally but you can find traps all over the city.
I'm 20 years old right now, I'm looking ahead into the future to do steroids. No other reason than personal gain. Maybe a competition later on for funsies, but I think I'd like to hit my personal natty best first.   How can I, with where I am naturally, prepare myself for a cycle? When will I know it's right? If the only thing I gotta do is wait, eat and keep training I think I'm good.
Stay as lean as you can. Aromatisation happens based on number of fat cells in your body, and they don't die when you lose weight   Devote time to lifting heavy (but not ego lifting). Tendons take a long time to strengthen and you want them as good shape as possible when you start gear so the sudden increase in  volume/weight doesn't fuck up your joints  Get a precycle blood test to know your baseline figures  Learn the discipline to keep other drugs to a minimum, and keep to a consistent gym schedule   Learn to meal prep  Get a good relationship with a tailor if you have to wear business clothes to work because nothing is going to fit you off the rack   Understand that there's a lot of stigma about it and it will effect your romantic life  Learn how to interpret studies/journals so you don't have yo blindly follow anecdotal stories   That's about it I guess  
That's a fantastic response. Thank you very much for the time. Mad respect 
Regarding the steroids, make sure you have been doing your research. Understand the risks you run and how you can minimize these. Try to have a general idea of your plan post cycle, whether it be BnC or PCT. Understand anything that may happen while on and what you would do in response to that.  Regarding everything else.. make sure your training and diet is dialed in. It makes me sick to see people hop on while eating and drinking like shit and make everything go to waste. You don't necessarily have to track macros, but I would highly recommend it. I actually am not tracking on a day to day basis but i eat the same stuff every day so It doesn't matter a ton. Training wise, volume is king. Its still important to push yourself in the weights, but you will be able to take on much more volume and recover much faster.  Only you can answer the question of whether or not you are ready to hop on. Be aware that this is a commitment and a decision that may affect you for the rest of your life.
I also say it's best to be big before you start. Master training and diet first. 
I'm four days late, but this is a very underrated aspect.   I feel like way too many people hop on gear because they see it as a shortcut to achieve their goals, instead of using it as a stepping stone for feather growth after they've mastered the craft. 
Because they have more androgen receptors
does more androgen receptors equate to more muscle growth?
androgen receptors are the primary (anabolic) receptors that anabolic steroids bind to. The more you have in a particular muscle, the more potential for growth.  Obviously in reality its a little more complicated than this, but this model works at a layman's level of understanding.
If someone has naturally larger shoulders and traps could that mean they have higher natural test levels?
Natural testosterone levels are not the only factor that decide how big a natty looks (as long as they are in the normal range). There are many things that matter, for example in order to have good looking traps the number one things is to have them insert high up to your neck.  Kind of like Zyzz's insertions, if your traps are really short then they have less room for growth even if you take drugs. Conversely if they insert really high, if you train them decently they will look good even natty.
So does natural test bind to this as well?
Oh yes absolutely. A lot of different molecules bind to androgen receptors. When you get down to the low levels the human body is extremely complicated and is absolutely fascinating.
Sweet thanks for the info man
Yessuh.  There are generally more in your upper body, and almost none in most people's calves.
We're all gonna make it friend
Have any of you tried transdermal trestolone? If so, what was it like?
haven't tried it, but there really isn't a point to use it when test exists...trest has way more shutdown potential, more risk of permanent infertility and has nastier estrogen (methyl estrogen) sides to try and manage.  That plus that fact that (at least in US) it is just as illegal as test...there isn't much upside.
It's hard to help OP since he doesn't give nearly enough information to understand why he would be doing TD trest. I suspect someone afraid of pinning... in which case I'll agree with your post even if you haven't tried it. Some trest users absolutely love it.
The fuck are you talking about.  Trest is way more potent than Test.
Yep, ran 100mg per day for 4 weeks. Gained 12 lbs and lost bodyfat. You absolutely need a real ai such as arimidex or aromasin or letro. If you try to use some OTC bullshit you will grow tits. The type of estrogen Trest produces is incredibly potent.   Injectable trest will be way better. Oh and don't get the transdermal on your lady. She will grow a dick.
I haven't, but there are really only disadvantages compared to just injecting it. You have to use double the dose and the absorption rate isn't really stable or predictable, which is a big deal when it aromatizes so heavily and requires the use of very powerful AI. Just doesn't seem the best idea to me when injectable is available. 
I have, being extremely needle phobic. Tried compounding it with phlojel with test base. I knew that a lot would be wasted so I would apply 200mg topically per day. Didn't feel much. Tried prepping skin with a solvent, still not much. Kept it wrapped in cling wrap so it wouldn't wear off and still barely anything. Finally I gave up, had my wife pin me and would never go back. The two don't even compare.
Anyone ever have an itchy pin site like 5 or 6 days later?    No lumps,  pip, or redness..  Just itchy
Chlamydia 
On my 4th weeks of my first course consisting of Tbol at 80mg per day and Test 250 x2 per week. Strength is building nicely but not noticing much in size ( keeping cals higher than normal), am I expecting to much, what the usual time?
I'm in the middle of my first blast with test and tbol also. Don't  expect 1 cycle to turn you into a monster. 8 weeks in I was thinking I hadn't put on much size, but when I stopped and thought about, I had gained almost 15lbs. It's gradual, so don't expect one day to wake up and be like holy shit I gained 20 lbs at once. 
Yes this is the thing, I guess I'm just expecting a "bam" moment, I don't mind waiting for it in the long run, but after choosing a source etc, you still ask yourself if you got a good batch etc. Meh, ill just let it do its thing really.
Yea, I totally get you. I was expecting that too. Honestly the most important thing right now is to eat well. 
It's still early days at 4 weeks but if you're not gaining much weight you should look at increasing your calorie intake somewhat.
For those who got the bp measured while on blast, what was it and what were you running?  I am 137/73, and I'm on 300test u,400tren e, 600boldenone cyp. I use baby asprin, hibiscus tea and cardio i
last official test was 130/70. On 250mg test e/500mg tren e. I don't buy it because the nurse taking the test was hot as shit and made my BP rise
Same here haha. Went in for something and mine was 150/72. It was a hot latina and shes like "do you have a history of high blood pressure?" and im like nahh
I wanted to say something like "you shouldn't be doing male's heart rates because it's gonna be about 10BPM over every time"
I just checked and I was 148/82 so I dropped the orals. Its from 25mg dbol/ 25mg drol/ 10mg sdrol/ 10mg m1t
why so many orals?i would think you would be better off just dosing one of those higher than just low dosing 4 of them.
I had all of them so I wanted to give it a go.  I will say it was incredible, pumps out of this world and massive strength gains. 
Mine usually hovers at around 13x/7x while I'm on Tren. You can drop your BP considerably within a week by adding 5mg Cialis EOD, baby aspirin and beetroot juice/powder.
Yeah, 130 something over 70 something.
Ah, just never seen it written like that.
If your BP was 13x normal your would be having a stroke.
Good thing I didn't say it was 13 times normal then. I said it's in the 130's.
What's everyone's opinion on what optimal levels are for making consistent progress? Is there such a thing as test levels that are too high, at what point are you wasting gear?
It's really a balance of sides vs gains. There are diminishing returns on gear but basically the more you take the more gains you'll make but eventually the sides will eventually make life too difficult. 
In my opinion people take way too much.   If you can eat and train right you can blow up on moderate doses of "weak" compounds 
how much cardio do you guys do on tren? I've been doing 30 minutes of the stair stepper at a reasonable pace every other day. When I measured BP i was within a safe range... just wondering if my cardio is good enough.
As long as your BP and HR and good then you are doing enough imo. 
sounds good
100 a week or 50 e3.5d is a good place to start. After that u can try to increase dose
A min age to start? And differences between anabolic vs injection? Last thing, seriously, can you cum?
Long hill to climb my friend. Read for s few months. Don't end up getting the tits of s female chimp. Happens when you don't study
There isn't steroids in pills? Like painless steroids.
If the pain of a needle is scaring you off, you're not ready for steroids.
lol, got it
1-how big are you?  2-you don't know what anabolic means. But if you mean orals you must always inject or you are dumb.  3- unless you don't know wtf you are doing then yes but like 28 times a day 
I see your 6'0 At 176 your pretty small And pretty young   Too young and too small. Ask again in 5 years. Also read the wiki.   If you don't take my advice You must inject. Period. 
How does one "out-back" the back of Flex Wheeler?
Flex wasn't that great from the back. Usually came in with soft glutes/hams/lower back. Francois trained HARD like Dorian and it showed. 
I think that a lot of bodybuilders hyperextend their backs which hide a lot of the mid-lower back connection. Its fine when youre showing your chest off, but it hides that middle back. Francois has a good brace going on, like what you should use for a squat or deadlift, where all his back muscles and distributing force and all his back muscles are relevant.
Dem calves.
We need more them nowadays
Where have they gone? Can we blame it on global warming?
If I were to have a back double bi of my choice, it's gotta be Mike Francois. His back literally V's out from his steel spinal erectors.  A bit better in terms of back shape than Flex Wheeler in my opinion, with just as much, if not more back definition.  
What about Flex Lewis or Dorian Yates
Had he not broken his neck prior to this I think he would of had a lot more dense muscle running down his spine. Hard to train back when your spine is broken but let's be real after 1994 Flex was never able to bring the same conditioning he had in 92 and 93 possibly because his kidney had already started to fail at this point.
How about the fact that Mike probably was already having issues with his coltis at this point and was still able to pack on that kind of mass. 
Awful angle for comparison
Not at all, Flex is less perpendicular to the camera. He's angled, therefore his back looks more narrow. It's a bad perspective.
Hes also hyperextending/arching od while Francois is rocking a silid neutral spine.
Yeah, Flex's upper back has amazing muscle bellies, this is pretty close.
Aaaand because Flex just had a car crash not too long ago
I'd like to know who isn't "down to earth" once you meet them 
Tons of people have a really high opinion of themselves for no good reason, but I agree it's not really hard to find someone who's "down to earth".
Lou Ferrigno
Really?
Every account I've read on this sub of meeting Ferrigno says he's an asshole.  Demands money for pics and gets angry when people don't want to pay, calls them names and talks shit to them.  
honestly i think that story was only posted once, but every time Ferrigno's name comes up someone retells it. I also remember reading from some people that he was cool/ normal.
I dunno.. I heard the exact story about Mark Rippetoe..... 
The story is the same but the names have been changed to protect the innocent.  
Koala tea m8
Nice try, Lou Ferrigno
I though Lou was pretty nice when I met him.
You...wouldn't like him though when he gets...angry. 
That sucks to hear. 
You know who cant hear...
Rich might slap you if you tell him that your arms are bigger than his
Woah, Goomah looks smaller than I thought he was. 
He really is bigger in person. I'm 6'2", 180lbs for reference. He isn't massive, but he definitely is chiseled.
Very slick, OP, I see what you're doin' here
he's natty af lol
/u/bodygard
natty looks like they dont even lift without a pump lel
He never looks impressive in a shirt for some reason. But other times when he does his little instagram filter shit im mirin
A pump changes everything 
Never leaves home without a pump crew  Breaks every speed limit driving home after gym to mire pump crew  Feel like a DYEL Auschwitz survivor after pump goes away crew  Does life even matter when you have no pump crew
Why did you think he bought a Ferrari? The Range Rover couldn't get him home quick enough.
I wear a couple of Alphalete items to the gym sometimes, and I'm thinking of buying more, but I can't help but wonder if people will think I'm a tool.
is their clothing really good? been thinking about getting something, the designs are pretty sexy
I got a tank and a pair of joggers and I like them both. The tank was tight as fuck, should have gotten a large instead of medium. 
I like their scoop neck shirts a lot. Very minimalistic with no  big branding. 
Calling yourself anything to do with alpha is extremely cringey. But as long as you enjoy the clothing, how big of a deal is it really? 
Agreed. I hope people don't think I am calling myself alpha by wearing the clothing. But I think when I get my quarterly bonus I'm gonna treat myself to a couple of scoop necks.
I will think you are a tool, but seriously who the fuck cares about what other people think of you.
Maybe it's just me but I don't know why people look up to these guys so much. 
Cj is hilarious but i don't like how much he talks about being natty. We know he's not. 
It's the achievable fitness thing. I still find it strange though. 
Celebrity culture is weird
Really reaching with "celebrity".
youtube fitness celebrity then?
youtube fitness celery
Strangely, I think he showed up in an issue of People magazine
Ahh. Finally found 'Chrishman "The Fisherman" Goomah' 
Is this pasta? It should be
It is now
Oh fuck no don't call these guys body builders. Any frat gym bro is twice their size 
Builds his body, steps on stage...yeah you're right man, how could anyone call that a bodybuilder?
Well he competes in the overall sport of "bodybuilding" just under the physique division of it.  Most people would just call him a men's physique competitor but the title of bodybuilder isn't really inaccurate in this context.
It's almost like they should be called physique competitors, oh wait..... they are. 
They compete as a division at bodybuilding shows though, surely you can see what people are getting at here, obviously everyone knows it's a separate class
Even physique fellas are body---builders, how old are you? 
He competes, hence he's a bodybuilder. Not everyone wanna be a freak bro.
Bangs the most absurd girls too. Can't forget that. 
I don't look up to him, but I watch his videos occasionally. Just a cool story of a college guy who was super into lifting and making content got big and living his dream. He does seem very materialistic though but fuck it if I had his money I'd be buying stupid shit all the time too.
Same here. Also feel like I've long "outgrown" any type of advice he could possibly give. I actually like his workout montages but other times when he tries to teach? Idk I just find myself thinking "no shit you contract your lats on a fucking lat pulldown. It's fine for beginners, if that's who he's catering to now.
Have you been watching his latest videos? He is quite transparent about the stuff he talks about, and to be honest if you're a social media personality you have to maintain a certain image. The average person isn't going to watch a guy doing 'normal things.'
As much as I hate to admit it, it's hard not to dislike someone that's wealthier than you. I catch myself hating on Guzman because I'm envious of his money, yet I'd be living very similarly if I had the same wealth. I think it's a natural trait of modern humans but the negativity is usually unjustly based.
His family is actually not that rich, he bought his dad a new car and he was driving a 15 year old Honda with ripped up interior. His mom has a business selling sandwiches at local salons. He didn't have much money when he started his first gym, it was very small and he paid for it with online coaching money. Also his parents begged him not to open a gym they wanted him to stay in school.
Where did you hear all that from? And if that's the case then wow, that's incredible. 
I watch most of his videos. He also spoke specifically about this topic one video since people think this a lot. It might also be because his parents have a big house but in Texas a big house costs what a small apartment does in expensive cities. 
You're not wrong
Being materialistic is fine, it's your money, do whatever you want with it.  But he seems to randomly buys stuff on a whim and then get rid of it.  Built a house, sold it and buys another in like 6-8 months.  Buys a car or truck and then sells and buy another one in a few months.  He just seems very childish with his money, I don't think I could ever do business with someone as finicky has he is.
For all we know that might be comparable to buying a new phone for anyone else. That's exactly how I view people who always have new phones. 
My point is that he could easily be flipping these houses or just reselling them by waiting on the market.   And that's exactly right, my post is essentially comparing his cars to phones for anyone else. He doesn't strike me as an idiot when it comes to these matters so a more reasonable assumption is that the degree of loss involved in reselling cars is negligible for him.
man both of you look hella dyel in this photo...the natty life
You're gonna get down voted to shit but it's so true.   Also, if I was an owner of a supplement company with tons of videos on YouTube "inspiring" people and looked like that in a photo with an average r/bb user, I'd reconsider life lol  I'm gonna get down voted to shit but this is funny AF. 
Owner of a supplement company? Wtf are you talking about? Also, CG looks good by most people standards. Believe it or not, some people don't strive to look like a steroid user and are content with a more natural look. You know, a physique that women actually like.
For women? We do this for the bros 
You're a fucking idiot if you think they look dyel
They look like they lift but look like their still making their first year gains 
Nice man. I know everyone loves to hate him on this sub for some reason. But I'm a fan
If you don't mind me asking, where was this taken? Houston? 
Klyde Warren Park - Dallas, TX
Whaaaaat he was in Dallas? Dang it.
Guzman with the jogger's physique 
He seems like a nice guy and he's definitely living the dream. But damn, he has the personality of a sponge.
D  O  W  N    T  O    E  A  R  T  H  O  W  N    T  O    E  A  R  T  H
Down to earth... the most ridiculous saying ever.
24 years old, has his own house, gym, clothing company, has competed and done well, drives a Range Rover...you're right, no success whatsoever.
When the hell did I say he wasn't successful? The comment before mine was being ridiculous and exaggerating his success and I replied accordingly. Then he deleted his comment, and now apparently I look like an asshole without people having the context to why I said what I did. He's obviously successful.   The guy was literally saying that none of us will never accomplish the great things that CG has accomplished in his life, which I don't think is true at all. I don't see how opening a gym and clothing line is any different than running any other successful business. 
Sorry about that, thanks for clarifying.
driving an 458 and rover, yeah it is an achievement
You can't base your success of his many cars you drive. Pull out the financial statements. 
Have you done enough yourself to talk shit? I don't care about goomah, but you come off jealous saying that stuff.
Never said it's not impressive, but you guys can't even see the comment I replied to. He was making a huge deal about CG's accomplishments. Yeah he's successful, but he's not that noteworthy. 
Just read your edit. Yes, id hope it's within grasp for both of us man. I think it is
Agreed
Brick shithouse goals 
He looks like Krillin from dragonball
Jesus. Those delts are godly 
nothing special about him
Imagine if he was 6'2"
European Pedro Barron... not a big fan of this kind of physique.
Been getting a lot of cramps recently. Usually in my calves, hamstrings and lower back. I would say its from lack of enough stretching, but sometimes its muscles that you dont really stretch like the underside of my foot or under my chin. I'm fairly certain Im not deficient in anything. I supplement practically all necessary minerals/vitamins and feel that I get in more than enough potassium. My blood-work during checkups always come back fine. I drink about 1.5 gallons of water a day.  This typically happens every time I start putting on some good mass. Thoughts?
I've been putting on some serious mass myself and have similar feelings to yours. Nothing out of the ordinary or anything that perplexed me but now that you mention it, I wonder if anyone has an answer.
My legs have surpassed my upper body by far in the past year, how should I  go about this? Are there some routines that have more upper body than legs, or can I modify some routine to have a tad more upper body than legs? I still don't want to drop legs, just do them slightly less. 
Like I said...You have the lower body and you have no upper body, you got a problem building...wait a minute. You have the upper body, and you have no legs, you got a problem building your legs. You have the upper...you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, the upper body, it is easier to build. So if you have the lower body and you don't have the upper body, it is easier to build the upper body. You have the upper body and you don't have the legs, you got a problem building the lower body... No, you don't understand. You have the upper body, but you don't have the lower body, you got a problem building downstairs. You got the up- legs on the bottom, it is easier to build on the top, so you don't have much as a problem. Yeah.
wtf 
My roommate always complains that he is fat- (he isn't). So today, I invited him to come to the gym. Afterwards, we drove by a cupcake shop and he wanted to stop in and deserved one since he "went and worked out". He also kept trying to correct my bench form and said he knew what he was doing since he played High school football smh. 
It's always the "I was an athlete in high school" ones. 
Slept at 2 last night. Woke up at 11, hit the computer for some news and decided to sleep again. I had to be tired because I enjoyed the silky feeling of my high thread count sheets, maybe it was because I changed them last night and I used a new fabric conditioner. I fell asleep until 2 pm and I had some coffee for lunch.   
season transitioning makes me sleep like a mofo, not sure if where you live you're experiencing the same thing but maybe its relevant
life is kicking my ass right now.  Got fired from my job yesterday for standing up and walking around too much(?).  I was doing great work but management didn't like me.  Parents are up my ass about it.  Sigh
What job?
Data entry job
like underwriting or something?
Tagging medical documents.. the average docs per hour is 20, I was tagging them at 30.  I was still let go cuz I took too many breaks?
Wow thats messed up. U probably could get some sort of compensation or reconciliation for that
That's so sad about this society. Basically if you don't wanna be a fatass and destroy your spine and mobility by sitting all day long, you get fired...
possible by February 2018 with a LOT of food. 
Even if you made those big jumps by feb your joints might get fucked
Why would you not go with starting strength or stronglifts or icf or fierce 5?   Point is that all beginner programs are basically the same, for good reason. Don't go around trying to change it up, you won't be able to progress as fast.   When you're done with beginner gains you can move on to one of Candito's programs, keep going with Fierce 5, try 5/3/1... there's a ton of variety out there but I wouldn't go and try to reinvent the wheel.   Also yeah eat a lot. I'd recommend tracking calories so you know exactly where you're at
I like being in the gym 6 days a week (I did PPL, but my goals are more oriented with becoming really strong now) so I tried breaking down the 5 big compounds into 2 sessions that I could do 3 times a week
Yeah but as a beginner it's not optimal to go that much. Like, yeah you're gonna get stronger basically no matter what you do as a beginner, but it'll be way easier and you'll get stronger faster if you just listen to the guys who really know what they're doing. 
You mean it's not optimal to go 6 days a week, or it's not optimal to go 6 days a week on a strength type of program?
If youre a beginner the best thing to do is follow a beginner program. Which are typically 3 days a week full body.   This will enable you to get stronger and put on muscle fastest
Looking at ur anticipated progression it doesnt seem likely, unless currently ur form and diet are very on point, and you have some pretty good genetics.   I would split ur workouts up a little more. Add in a third day, and maybe an extra rest day. Gains come while you nurish the muscle, not while breaking them down
What's it called again when someone tries to make fun of your accomplishments since they're feeling insecure about themselves?
Oh lmao 
If they're trying to drag you down so they don't feel bad about themselves it's called crab bucket mentality 
Dope I knew there was an expression for it
Dude was showing his girlfriend around the gym, showing her how to various exercises. They get to seated rows. He tells her it's a good leg workout as well back because you brace yourself with your legs on the pads. I don't even know man, how do these peoples brains work?
Was it Mike Rashid and did he also tell her that benching is the best rear delt exercise?
You mean you're still using assisted machines for dips and pull-up and have achieved your "natural potential". Forgive me if I read that wrong, it's late.
I read that as that too and I burst out laughing. Hopefully he miswrote it or we are misinterpreting lmfao 
I thought he was making a troll comment. This is srs?
I know a few WNBF pro's and they compete at over 200 stage weight.  After 3 years of training gains may slow but do not stop 
Thats pretty heavy for a natural. Whats his height? Guy I know is about 170 stage but 5'6
One 6'1 other 6'2. All they do is eat and train for years. It's a life style   5'6 at 170 stage I find natty hard to believe that's huge 
He's 37 and been a natty pro for about 10 years. He owns my gym. Fuckin monster
Wnbf? He would do good in npc 
No idea what fed. Idk how the natural stuff works. When I asked why he didnt compete in NPC he said he was too small sizewise to go top 5 in any decent show
Is there anything I can actually do as a 5'4 manlet? I'm only 15 but genetics (5'4 dad, 4'11 mom) say I won't get much if anything more. Is there anything other than bro science to get taller?
just get as wide as possible it'll make you look taller /s
Bro if there was shit we could do to grow we'd all be giants. 
Well there's shit we can do to bench press 250 but most people don't do that. 
I'll just be a shredded cunt I guess. 
wear high-heels
Secret to calf gains 
I was like 5'2 when I was your age, and I grew to 6'0 eventually. Genetics are not on your side, but all you can do is eat well, take your vitamins, and hope for the best.
What vitamins should I be making sure I get?
Just take a multivitamin. Any cheap one will do.
Realistically if you are 15 and you are worried about this,  talk to your parents about going to the doctor and getting some growth hormone. I've 
you've what 
The anticipation is killing me
I've heard of kids around 10-12 getting nearly a foot from this haha. It's worth a shot. 
How do I even ask for that? Hey doc I'm short can I have growth hormone?
Its not going to make you shorter by talking to your parents and the doctor about it.
MJ put salt in his shoes
Growth hormone. It's expensive and it may not work, but it's really the only thing that might work (assuming you eat right)
Apparently decompressing the spine regularly could potentially help a little, things like passive hangs, different stretching routines. You could also look into MK-677, is like the SARM version of growth hormone, apparently much cheaper and legal.
Right now at a party, sitting awkwardly in the corner looking at /r bb. On the good side I am the most shreded in the room so idgaf
When your drunk the next time someone starts talking to you stand up and whip your belt of.
This is sort of random, but does anyone else have to take 5-7 days off from upper body when they get blood drawn? I literally can't straighten my arm for at least a few days, and the times I've tried working out even 3 or 4 days after I get nasty bruises that run the entire length of my forearm originating from where the blood was drawn. I've had to get lab work done more often recently and it fucking pisses me off to no end. Any advice on ways to make recovery faster?? And yes this is a legitimate question, I'm well aware most people don't experience this.
This is really weird. I get blood drawn every three weeks or so and normally the only spot that hurts a little is the pin point.  Ask your doctor about it next time. Maybe tell them to pin you near the wrist instead of in the forearm.
That sounds like a medical issue... Ask your doctor? I donate 3x a year and I've never had trouble lifting after getting drained. 
Haven't taken a rest day in 14 days. Told my muscles I was going to rest today...I'm not. 2confusing4them.
The shoulder pump is highly underrated.
My favorite pump tbh cu I love looking wide af
I saw a shoulder vein today for the first time. I'm so proud
Since I ran out of protein powder, gonna go full Blaine Sumner. Making a shake with prawns, milk, peanut butter, berries. 
Egg whites instead? 
How many total reps of squats and deads do you guys do on your leg days? I've been going for roughly 80 reps per workout (squat and deads on different days) and been feeling great progress. Seeing stronglifts type cns routines sounds so unappealing.
At least 8 sets. Reps always depend
I tend to do between 80 and 120 i'd say
Depends on how heavy you go.
I'm at a club right now with Jason genova's doppelganger.
All clubs are full of random fat people with awful personal hygiene lmao.
Life is on hard mode right now. Got passed up for two jobs I really wanted, my car was broken into recently and I had over a grand in stuff stolen, and I just feel like I'm in a rut. I would be going bonkers without lifting right now.  I know things will turn around, they always do, but man I hope that happens soon.
We all believe in you bby
push/pull/leg x2 or 5 day split ( chest,back,legs,shoulders,arms) ? whats better?
PPL would ideally be better because you work out every muscle twice a week isntead of doing it one time a week. I think, not sure, that naturals do better with higher frequency and people on juice can go fine without higher frequency, but im not sure on this last part.
That's more or less what he is suggestion already buddy.   Push/Pull/Legs (chest, delts, tri) (Back, bicep, rear delt) (legs) 
I have a modified 5 day split where I hit each muscle group once a week. For the remaining 2 days I hit the muscle groups that I feel are lagging. Overall I feel like this helps keep me keep my physique very balanced and proportionate. 
Need some tips on doing dips with focus on the chest. Jim Stoppani recommends using a wider grip so I switched from the regular dip station to the assisted one without the assistance since the handles switch from narrow to wide but I can't get my body horizontal enough without hitting my head on the cable or my legs on the pad if I'm facing the opposite way. Anyone else have this problem?
The more you lean forward, the more it works chest. Width doesn't make much of a difference for me. Bend your knees and have your feet behind you and it should lean you forward enough. 
To add to this, imagine hitting a most muscular pose at the top of the dip. Really try to squeeze the chest. I saw this tip in one of Kai Greene's workout videos and it totally changed the way I did dips. The mind muscle connection gets better every time. 
Like the other dude said, more lean. For me actually a mediumish grip is best. Really flex your abs so you can control your descent and you won't hit your head when leaning. 
Been riding a stationary bike for charity for the past few days. Ass hurts guys. And not the good kind of ass pain lol no homo. 
dude its the dicks
I've finally figured out the reason I keep fucking my traps up is because of the lat pullover machine. The only adjustable option is the seat height, so I think my proportions just don't work right, or I lack sufficient lat flexibility. Whenever I use it, it would fuck my neck up.   Fucking sprained traps, or maybe rhomboids, or whatever. Look up? nope fuck you. Down? nope. Left or right? Nah buddy that's not allowed right now. Can't even move my head forward or backward without them stinging a bit.
Using my small gym and nothing was open so I hopped on a cardio bike. About 45 minutes later and nobody has left yet and I'm bulking still doing cardio... Time to get some fast food after this workout to make up the calories burned. 
Just ask to work in next time homie 
It was just space more than equipment (no floor for deads). It's a really tiny gym but ya I probably could of figured something out. 
About to go hit chest. After, I'm going to a taco festival in the Phoenix area. High expectations for these tacos because there are lots of Mexicans here. Bulk is about to start going really well.
Are you certified?
Yup. I work as a personal trainer at a gym on top of my online clientele.
What cert?
NSCA-CPT
long time lurker but finally said fuck it lemme start sharing my knowledge 
enlighten me.
stronglifts 5x5
Could the secret really be just two extra sets? Dear God.
always keep a sock next to your bed incase steve cook posts a vid late at night.
You missed. Also it's every 23 hours for precisely this reason. Some days it will line up perfectly for you.
So I started training for my Marathon in March. I'm still lifting harder than ever but I've been doing a LOT of running. I've slimmed down a bit and I've realized that my legs were not nearly as muscular as I had thought. I had more fat on my legs than I had realized. Now that I've been running so much it looks like I've been skipping leg day. I'm now a DYEL...
Keep in mind if you are running long distances often you will lose muscle mass in your legs. Unless you are eating boatloads to make up for it.
Random thought, why is the date on these threads a day behind? 
I think the time they're posted are cycled so people across different time zones get to see it at a fair time.
DD thread is posted every 23 hours to allow people in various time zones a chance to get in early.
I've been slacking on reading and posting in the DD. Lots of stuff been going on.   Broad backed grill is still amazing. New York with her fam was awesome. Yesterday we hiked like 12miles and jumped off some cliffs. We also hit the gym together now so the gains have been real   Bulk season is off to a good start. Currently maintaining around 180-183 (I was 163 at the end of my cut). Shooting for 190 solid and then I'll dial back again. 
Guess the relentless leg shaking when sitting has caused me some nice calf gains, bad thing is now my right calf is 1/2inch bigger than my left one.
You can never win with calves
I do the same thing and my left calf is noticeably larger than the right, time to switch what leg I shake for the next 3 years.
Going to Metroflex today for a chest/back workout. I'm so ready to be intimidated and the smallest person in there. 
Leave your form at the door 
Yeah I can tell.
What a perfect neg 
First day of 250mg dnp over didn't feel anything yet only bad thing was I woke up 4 times to piss since I drank so much water. Also tried melatonin for the first time seemed to work well gave me a weird ass dream though. that I worked in a zoo and was feeding lizards mice interesting.
mate, last night i drank 2L of whole milk before bed, i had a weird ass dream where i was laughing, woke up and i was laughing, like da fuq 
It takes a few days to build up so I wouldn't expect to have felt anything yet TBH. Enjoy your steaming yellow loads.
That's nothing new my dude thanks though.
Man, I have such a crush on Michelle Obama
prefer barack myself
Finished my leg/shoulder day with 3 drop sets of leg extensions. Quads are on fire. Chowing down on turkey and quinoa meatballs with pasta, broccoli and a sweet potato on the side. Modern Family on TV. Fantastic day.   I love you guys
Can you cook for me
You live in the U.K.? I'll mail you 1 meal for kicks
Unfortunately no, US of A
Recipe? Sounds amazing
day 7 of my gym being closed because hurricane. my withdrawals are worse than ever
Go deadlift some trees off of peoples' houses 
Cutting while cruising is soooo much better than cutting natty. Besides being hungry and a little less energy, I feel great. Still have libido, no mood swings. Life is good
With Jesus god lord Christ as my witness I'll never cut off-cycle again
Never. TRT for life
I'm right there, too, brotha. Good shit
Last day of bulk. Just had a full stack of pancakes, hash browns, and protein bar.
Post some pics boyo. Also my recommendation would be keep bulking until feb or so, then cut for summer. Or just keep getting huge forever
is it ok to do squats and deadlifts as the last exercises of my routine in a full body routine? when i start out doing them, the rest of my barbell exercises suck because i hate racking and reracking weights with an extremely tired lower back or tired legs.
yes
Harden the fuck up. 
Do the heavy stuff first, always. Main lifts, then accessories, just like every programme ever 
If your doing a full body routine you can do deads or squats last but don't be doing other leg movements before them, ignore the downvoting brosplitters.
lmfao good luck doing squats at the end of a heavy leg workout
it's a full body workout, if you read the whole thing jesus
Only 7 lb? Time to bulk. 
Damn the wife is gonna be sore. 
But does the even lift tho?
congrats on life gains
What are it's B/S/D maxes?
Heeey welcome to the club. Sorry about the lack of sleep. 
20 inches. What a manlet.   What's his bench?
Probably pretty good, it's probably only like 4" to his chest.
asl on baby?
I hate when I'm bulking and have to go out and do family activities. We are going apple picking today and all I can think about is where I'm gonna shit all day 
hopefully you're not one of those people afraid of sitting your perfect pristine pretty little ass cheeks on god forbid a public restroom toilet seat or port-a-potty 
Why's he gotta be black?  If your a real curl bro don't forget the 12 oz high rep curls 
His parents are probably black or one of them at least you racist.    
I just don't see why this was needed to be part of the story   You racist thug
Because black guys that play sports generally have nice bodies, so it might mean more coming from him.
And white guy's that play sports don't have nice bodies?   You racist 
Nah they just don't have them BBC genetics 
Kill yourself manlet
ugh why the fuck do you care holy fuck
Jesus Christ dude I'm just fucking with you haha
Go compare an average black bodybuilder to an average white bodybuilder and you'll see the black guys are bigger. How the fuck is it racist to say the black guys have better bodies?
Because you mentioned race you racist. Check your curl privilege shitlord. 
But did you smash though?
He'd be the smashee, tbh. 
29inches no pump
Now a sophomore in college, got some news from the hometown high school. My friends younger sister (who was super nerdy when I was in HS) is now in a friend group straight up dubbed "Orgy Squad" full of fit chicks and dicks. And yes, apparently it's exactly what it sounds like.   I evidently missed out when I was in high school...
TFW you are still in highschool, but go to an all boys school, and there is still an orgy squad.
Shitting so often that my asshole bleeds. Am I making it?
Nah man it's the dicks that are doing it. 
They certainly aren't helping
Had a planned/scheduled cheat meal. First one on my cut in 6 weeks.   I feel horrible. Never felt more regret in my life.   It completely was not worth it. I'm punishing myself with an hour of cardio tomorrow.
My joints pop and crack so much I'm afraid I might trigger someones PTSD. 
Fucking huge guy at the gym comes and sits next to me, goes and gets 25kg Dumbbells and starts doing dumbbell fly's all the while I'm shitting myself staring at him in all his glory.   One day bros. One day.
55lbs. Saved yall a google search. 
FUCKING NEIGHBORS DOG HAS BEEN BARKING SINCE 6AM REEEEEEEEE
I just remembered from my freshman year in highschool I was texting this chick and I asked her what she liked in a guy and one of the things was "I like ripped guys, but not too overly muscled" and I literally read that and was said to myself "well I guess she's not interested then, I don't know why she's texting me" I thought I was big as fuck rofl. I was probably as delusional as the Piss Lord. I stopped texting her after that
I've got cystic acne that nothing has cured. Tried two 5 month cycles of accutane and I've still got it. Tried natural solutions and hippy bullshit and it didn't help. I even changed my diet to only chicken and turkey and cut out dairy entirely. Nothing.   So, since I'm gonna have acne no matter what, might as well hop on the bike, right bros?  In other news, I tried that bicep exercise that someone posted on here the other day where you curl a cable that's behind you and get a fuller range of motion. Got a sick pump and a new vein appeared. Would recommend. 
Ken Bone 2020
His AMA is gold. I would link but I'm violently retarted and on mobile.
calories only count if you're sober -Abraham Lincoln 
Just been out to pub. All my friends and ppl ive not seen in forever were there. I had such a good chest and shoulder day beforehand it made me not want to drink that much. I wish I didn't have tho negative stigma about drinking, but its the for a reason. I can't decide between a fun social life or gains.   I love gains. I love the body I have from the work I put in. I love being the big guy. But I also just want to get pissed all the time like my friends and have fun. Its so hard to balance this all out. I want to make gains and drink. Fuck. 
Have a fun night on occasion. You can save some macros for drinks, bro. 
2 weeks from today I'll finish my second run through.  Should have everything finalized by early november.
Btw, If I get 5 extra reps on the amrap on first bench day, do I increase my TM immediately?
Nah just keep it until the end of the week so you can kill that AMRAP on friday
I'm 6'4 and 235 down from 252 mid summer
cool cool, last i heard some shit went down and you had to delete your account. Anyways, I'm rambling lol
Your home gym is fucking sick. What do you watch on the TV? 
I usually just listen to Pandora radio, but sometimes I'll throw Netflix on.  The biggest mistake I've ever made was trying to watch Talladega Nights while squatting.  I started laughing with nearly 500lb on my back and nearly killed myself
Humble brag
Crap you never stop getting stronk you sick human. Getting lean on top of that. Veryjelly
This is the first sub that  I've been able to post/comment something without getting douchey and pretentious replies.  You guys are cool
shut up pussy 
Not getting that lifting euphoria while cutting is frustrating. 
Keep the intensity, drop the volume. Feel like a beast still but don't get that "fuck cutting I'm so tired" half way through your workout. 
I smashed a grill.   I made her massage my back afterwards. She told me my arse was firm and the squats are paying off.   I'm seriously fucking making it.   
I need a grill.
my brotege pulled more more then me on dead. definitely had a offday... he is bulking and i'm cutting but still fucking kill me  am not making it 
My friend who got me into the gym has barely added weight to any of his lifts since December. He also completely stopped benching. I've hit all of his bests except OHP. Been trying motivate him to get stronger, but now he's got a gf so he skips a lot of sessions.  Don't be like my friend.
Finally pulled 405 at 157lb bodyweight. It feels great to be pulling big weight as a college freshman because nobody expects it.  
Going to a rave solo tn, wish my r/bb friends were real so I had a squad of like minded autists to go with.   On another note, they def mirin tho.
Homies, I nearly hit 375 on bench today (220ish pounds). Tell me I'm good
Has anyone tried a Push/Pull/Legs/Arms/rest split? I love PPL but still feel my arms aren't getting enough and my workouts on the Push and Pull days are already long enough.  
Finally had some god damn sex, grill was fucking wild in bed didn't expect that but was welcome surprise
She was worth every penny, cause I paid her in coins 
Woke up and drank a cup of coffee, forgot about weigh in. So now I'm sat lying in bed waiting for it to turn to piss so I can weigh in.  STATE OF MY LIFE HNNNNNNG 
The other day as I walk into the gym one of the female trainers said "hello" and I said "hello" back. So you could say things are getting pretty serious.
Oh shit campin out the DD two days in a row  255x1 on bench today yeaaaah budday. Bench is getting dangerously close to squat but idgaf
I don't understand. My squat is literally over 2x my bench. How do y'all do this?
Bench more, squat less. 
it's ok, that's exactly how it's supposed to be
Can't have my legs gettin too big. Then people might actually think I lift
Youd think itd be hard for that to happen. Its not really.
I mean my upper body has historically been dominant and I do bench 3x a week compared to 2x a week for squats  Maybe its a sign that I should squat more
Rip your shoulders 
Actually my shoulders have been cooperating for the last couple months with only some minor recurring pain.   And 175x1 ohp this week. Although it made my mid back feel kinda fucky
But isnt it arm day?
Hittin bis at the end of leg day is always my favorite part  No shame
Your squat doesn't factor in your own body weight that you move.   I took gold in mental gymnastics. 
Wait, do some people actually factor in their body wait when they say what they can squat?
No
I thought I was taking crazy pills for a minute there
/r/foreverchest 
Anyone ever try Barbell Apparel Jeans? If not any good alternatives, can't find jeans that fit worth a damn.   Feels empty in here, I'm scared. 
The hotel I booked on my business trip has a legit gym attached to it. I had the entire place to myself this evening at 7pm. Got a solid pull day workout in and several good workouts all week long but looking forward to heading home tomorrow and back to my regular gym on Sunday for a quality leg day
Anyone else ever get Spotters Guilt? Shit needs to be recognised as a serious condition.  Dude asked me to spot him for a 1 rep bench today. Happy to help and we set the rules - I'm only jumping in when the bar starts moving back down. He starts the rep, bar moves literally 5 inches off his chest then starts heading back down at which point I move in for the save. He ever even got a sticking point grind before it started to drop down. He says Thanks then I head back to my bench.  This is where the guilt sets in. Did I jump in too soon? Could he have made the rep? Does he hate me now for witnessing his failure and think he could have gotten the rep? Shit the man never even had a chance to consider whether his life was in danger or have his gym life flash before his eyes cos it happened so quick. Now, I've failed under the bar enough times to know once it starts to descend, the game is up but still I felt guilty as fuck for him failing even though it's nothing to do with me.  Nobody prepared me for this. Gym needs to start offering one to one counselling sessions for spotters who go through these feels.
Post traumatic spotters disorder.   Sounds like you did the right thing. I wouldn't sweat it. 
Pulled a "muscle" 
My house flooded but at least I still hit legs
But now you can't hide your poverty calves because your pants are rolled up 
Having a hard time not feeling shitty lately. I feel like I haven't felt normal in so long. i used to be able to tell myself that life gets better and I would actually believe it. Now i'm not so sure. Not sure what to do.
Are you by any chance cutting? Low dietary fats can really fuck with your ability to regulate emotions. Do you get outside a lot? If not (and really, even if you do) I strongly recommend Vitamin D3. As someone who lives in Canada, it's been an absolute miracle, especially when the days start getting shorter. If you need to talk, Pm me
tfw triceps finally exploding now I've started doing pushdowns with the ballsack rope 
tfw im now going to start calling it the ballsack rope
Working shoulders, farting lots.
I've been cutting for two days and I'm already regretting it
I just wanna get so big people think I'm on gear but I'm not.  Unless I hop on, in which case ill have to re-evaluate my goals.
Trying to get my gf into lifting with me,  she just started to eat clean and train right,  any female you tubers with good videos I can show her? 
megsquats if you're open to powerlifters.
I hate the bitch but Nikki Blackketter is good for the general female goals.   For men or women check out Mario Tomic. Dude is the absolute best at distilling advice to starters. Beautiful delivery, doesn't do any youtube cliches. Very calm delivery, cites studies etc. but explains things in an idiot proof accessible way.   Though tbh just start her on Alan Thrall, Omar Isuf and Steve Cook when she's at youtuber stage. First 8 weeks there's little that she really needs aside from the basics.   Diet, routine, getting used to the DOMS that come from lifting big thrice a week are bigger problems. By week 8 she'll get into a rhythm and find out what she needs.
Randomly started getting elbow pain during bench. Think it's tennis elbow, gonna take some time off. Anybody have some good rehab exercises/stretches for me to try to speed up recovery? 
As if the evidence wasn't enough, I hear Steve's voice in the background of Courtney King's latest snap. They're cruising low-key. Think it has something to do with their sponsors, or just staying consistent on their own respective channels?
She's on his snap too
Finally at the point where I can invite my parents over to see the work I put into my new house, and then take them out to a nice dinner. Felt good  Also my first refeed day in about 20 days. Damn did i have the best workout I've had in a long time.
Drop the bench to 240 and you got it man 
So I've always been skinny fat and I am now reaching bf levels  and visual levels of ottormode and I don't want to say it but I am pretty happy. I'm trying not to become complacent with myself so I keep bombarding myself with insults. I've been telling myself once my PT says I can train chest I am going to bulk but to be hoenst I want to cut longer...   Is this what stockholm syndrome feels like? I enjoy cutting so much 
Add scope of protein 
This sounds poverty AF, but I just discovered Ramen and Peanut butter.   That shit is delicious.
I fucking love that combo, so tasty.
Like, at the same time? The fuck?
This is embarrassing but I have never cooked chicken for myself but I am starting tommorow and was wondering if you guys could give me a quick guide... All I got is some boneless skinless chicken breast (3lbs) and my apartments gas stove and salt and pepper and butter (no other spices). I'm thinking about cutting it up to put into my alfredo. Suggestions on things to buy in the future to go with chicken? 
Trained my legs yesterday and they are not sore. Wtf?
You've been training 5-10 years and still feel sore after every leg session? Teach me your ways
You don't have to feel DOMS to have had a productive workout, I very rarely get DOMS now unless I've gone weeks without hitting a muscle.
I'm looking forward to seeing everyone here's Halloween costumes. 
Tried water bread today. It was bad.
Is this a joke or not I honestly can't tell anymore 
No it's the way to victory. Try it and you'll see. It will change your life. 
Wendy's here I come. 
Been cutting on 1500 kcal. Last night I had a 6000 kcal cheat meal.  Gotta confuse the metabolism, right babe?
what's wrong with you. 
Were you literally sleeping side by side or did you at least make some kind of physical contact with her? If it's the former, then you're even more autistic than I am, and that's saying something.
Oh he's definitely a wizard by now. Level 30 atleast.
Yous a bitch
why didnt you make a move?
How embarrassed as you that she had to make every single move and then just got fed up and fell asleep? 
getting ready to go in and hit bis/tris/forearms soon, gonna be a fat pump. what you guys training today? 
Decided to go as Luke Cage for Halloween. I'm gonna make bullet holes in my super tight long sleeve undershirt. 2 weeks to make sure the arms are popping lol Gonna hit tris and bis at the end of every workout.
Europa tomorrow. Where dem samples at? 
have you been before? worth going? 
First time.
Is the weight you're moving going upwards? If yes, then that's probably fine. If not, the solution is most likely more volume.   My one suggestion is going to be, if you're only going to do 2 hamstring exercises, make one of them a "bigger compound" like RDLs/SLDLs (no I cannot think of a third) instead of two curl variations.
That all seems fine to me then, keep on keepin on
Hey guys. Extremely liquid shits just came in.  What do? I also think my body temperature is higher don't have the means to check it.  Gastroenteritis I think.  I ate a banana today. Maybe gonna drink some cola to cure the shits. Any tips?
yakult/probiotics of any sort.  always settles these situations.
You just enjoy it, man. Strap in and go for a ride 
Hey guys just wanted to ask how do you guys strengthen your knees for squats cause I have really weak knees so any exercise would be greatly appreciated.
You say your knees are weak, but what is happening during a squat to make you think that? These other replies are about your knees caving in, which is a weakness in the hips. Is that what is happening?
My knees hurt when I go atg with heavy weight
Never had the problem myself, but have heard a lot of good things about squatting with bands around your thights/knees.   Overloads your knees, and ingrains procedural memory of pushing the knees out in a squat.  You could use it as warm up before squats to better your form, or back off sets after main sets to strenghten the knees
Thanks man advice is much appreciated 
should i take creatine if i take a 4 day break from lifting?
Yes keep it as an everyday thing.
not if you want to stay natty
shit man it's too late
It's alright, just try not to get too bulky now
or just stop doing deadlifts? unless you are a powerlifter, they are not necessary.
obviously if he has re-strained his back for the third time this year, and we know at least one of them was aggravated by deadlifts, why continue doing something that is hurting you? Also, good mornings, hyper-extensions, hamstring curls, there are a ton of options of developing lower back and hamstrings. This subs hard-on for deadlifts and one rep-max ego lifts really makes me think its not much of a bodybuilding sub.
I know my back hates me when I don't stay tight when I lower the weight. If I relax or let the weight get away from my legs my lower back hates me. Maybe check that out?
Dude, this.  Tried deadlifting in flat soled shoes yesterday after always doing them barefoot and my back is funky after my last warm up set. Lower back seized up on the sixth rep.  Not sure if its the shoes, but I've done deficit deads with more weight. Will try next session barefoot again.
Deadlifts start at 60kg bro.
My bad, fuck my lower back muscles anyway
Before 60kg they actually don't exist. Before that it's just half a clean and press.
you wanna fight or something? cause ill fight you for this shit 
TFW when you smash a foot long chicken and bacon sub, a shake, banana and oatmeal cookie far far to close to finishing training. Seriously bros. Send fucking help.
Better abandon legs if that's what you were planning on doing
Steve hanging out with Courtney King last night. Get it, son. 
I'm a literal retard why
Went to a party and got told I'm big...I'm small as fuck. Some guy was saying I had the msot veins he's ever seen too. I'm quite lean but nowhere near big. Am I making it bros?
probably just negging you. like when they call the 7 foot tall guy shorty or the girl with an eating disorder jumbo.
My friends 140lb little brother has veins too.
Bf does not stand for boyfriend in this case 
That Fois Gras bulk
FUCK
Lmao
I saw something about Tom Sawyer so thought for the first time in my life I'd look up what exactly whitewashing was.  I know it involves painting a fence but if it was that simple they'd just call it painting.  Youtube only gave me videos about Hollywood whitewashing. Which is annoying.  But then I'm woke too and know media representations of minorities affect societal perceptions of people like me. Plus sucks for actors.  But I really just want a simple 4 min well produced summary of what whitewashing is.
Paint it, rub it with a damp towel so the wood under the paint shows. Pretty easy but only way to learn is to try it
I wanted to watch a tutorial. Preferably one where they demo a white wash
im convinced im gonna become the next natty gym god. i have hope bois. im gonna fuckin made it. my baby girl calves? theyre gonna become bulls. im gonna rip shirts when i flex my pecs. my ankles? theyre essentially fucked for now but according to my dads genetics he went from being a twig to having great calves/thighs/arms/, i be mirin that 60 year old everyday.. that gut tho... but im gonna fuckin MAKE IT LETS GO.   
Most aesthetic tomato I've ever seen
He prefers the term native american.
oh are we back to beach photos again? 
I'm waiting for the resurgence of the nature shots
Yes but carrying more fat than Zane did, unless you believe yourself to have considerably better genetics than him.
Are his arms small in this picture or have I been spoiled by the unproportional guys we see today?
Just hit me that I wouldn't even be satisfied with this physique/leanness. Gotta go bigger. 
Might be a little bit of both. Still have nothing but love for Zane's physique though. 
Why did you repost with a screenshot? Link to his picture.
So you can zoom in
It's a matter of respect. 
It's a matter of enlarging that bulge
You can zoom in on Instagram.
Was he natural? I read he was only around 185lbs on stage.
No chance
Just curious, why? A lean 185Lbs at 5'10" sounds pretty reasonable to me. Or is it just the fact that he was a top tier bodybuilder at the time?
Dude. Just look at his body. Now imagine the body of a normal 185 lb 5'10 guy. There is no comparison. He looks like a Greek god while a natty guy would just look decent.. st the same bodyweight. 
I said there is no comparison. Meaning his body is about as far from the normal person as can be 
They use to call him the chemist.....
I don't know exactly what the guy was taking but they don't all do the exact same thing. He's 5'10 185 on stage but in the off season probably around 210 or 220. That's huge and look at his delts
The guys nickname was the Chemist. I dont think i need to say more.
wasn't he a chemistry teacher or some shit? remember reading that somewhere
Bisenberg 
I've read lots of his interviews and he has never even hinted at being natural. He has mentioned a few times that he thinks people depend on steroids too much, and that he doesn't think steroids are necessary to have a good physique. Competing on the other hand...
Thanks for the response
Because your standards are off, and you don't realise how much weight average lifters have to lose to get in contest shape. 5'10 naturals are like 160lbs on stage, naturals simply can't hold on to the muscle while getting that lean.  185lbs 5'10 in contest shape is modern men's physique standards and they're all on quite a bit of gear. 
Yeah, youre right. I dont know too much about competing, so I just relate everything to myself lol. 
I want to believe
Imagine all the Maritime sloots he banging at Dalhousie 
Lol my ex's friend banged him in first year, tbh she's pretty dutty
Haha I go to Dal with him. No comment.
come on bruh tell us some stories
Haha nothing in specific that I can recall. We know each other mainly from the gym. I definitely catch him at the bar more than you would think during winter slash bulk phases. Now that he's competing often and has his procard he's not out on the town so much. Good dude though.
How do most girls react when they see him?
His head sticks out so much compared to the rest of his body
That is the cutest lisp. nohomo
Was not expecting that. It sounded so fucking adorable. He also sounded really mild mannered. 
Reminds me of Anderson Silva and Robbie Lawler in that they sound absolutely nothing like how I imagined they would.
Had a feeling he would have some (albeit adorable) speech issue, he was otherwise just too perfect 
I figured he was too damn big for classic, guess not
Thought the same. He's definitely my favorite in Classic now
This guys physique makes me erect... no homo, right?
This video showed my exactly how bad my own rear delts are.
How tall is he exactly?  I'm 6'6" and I would do some morally questionable shit to look like that
6,1
FUCK
tfw 23yo and i could be his son from the looks
He is adorable. 
Isn't he a little too big for classic physique? Why doesnt he stick to bodybuilding?
Yeah he said 21
He looks almost 40 yet speaks like a toddler. What the fuck is going on? Did the 'roids affect his brain function?
Are you new here?
Look at his posting and comment history lol
Lmao posting about liberals and fat hate etc...  Followed by casually browsing gay subreddits. Guy has some stuff to figure out apparently
he's canadian dumbass
Absolutely beautiful FDB. Pretty much perfect conditioning, fullness and dryness
Awesome physique. I remember he got a kidney failure or some sort and retired soon after. There is a depressing picture of him losing all gains floating around.
yeah, in a golf shop weighing about 150
The lack of music threw me off, but then I started to like it. It reminded me of the Mr Universe scene from Pumping Iron
Wow he looks amazing. Also the lighting and camera work is awesome.  Why could they do it in 1996 but not in 2016?
They don't have the technology for it right now, it's about -20 years out
Didn't even know quads could be that diced...
That camera set on permanent zoom lmao
Personally I think we need a Matarazzo Monday 
ya, too bad about the g4p scandal
Pretty sure they modeled Dusty from MoH Modern Warfare off of this guy. Such a beast. 
How many sets of headphone cords you think he goes through?
I get my macros from headphones. Don't you?   Though, he probably uses cheap ones for a reason. 
Man he was really trashing it. What's he got against chest?
thrashing
'mirin the caption. No pseudo philosophical masturbation at all
Yeah I love Dallas, I really hope he keeps improving the way he has because he'd be a great guy to have at the forefront of bb
Those ss2 trunks delts 
More like Ultimate Super Saiyan delts
Don't know about you but I'm mirin hard
I'm definitely jelly 
He needs to make serious hair gains 
Brah who gives a shit, this is r/bb not r/cardio  That was the most aesthetic transformation in the entire show and Trunks would get the these dragonballz, no homo
Don't even try out knowledge me on dbz bro. When the og commenter said ssj2, I knew he was talking about Ultra Super Saiyan Trunks, not ssj2 Trunks because the characters in DB Super are skinny af. That's why I posted that picture.
I'm not even calling it DBZ because the Z was only added for the shitty anime show. I've read all the original mangas 6-12 times each my man. I can easily outknowledge you especially since your head is full of non canon filler scenes.
He referenced the anime, so using DBZ was appropriate. The picture was from the anime, not the manga, so it fits what he said.  Had he used a picture from the anime and simply said Dragon Ball, then he would have been mistaken, because the Dragon Ball anime didn't have super Saiyans.
Ssj1.5 
Imagine standing next to him IRL as a mere mortal?
You'd be one of the few that could do so without looking like an absolute twig 
Omfg he'd be a god 
Only difference is Dallas is canon.
Brolly
Yeah man
Risky posting some programmer humor in this sub man. I love it though.
Why? First year cs 101 student humor cracks hit up?
Prolly meant to say him if I think for even a second about it
Hit is a character from DB Super. Not that its what he meant, but Ill save his typo
CRACKS HIT UP
He's pretty funny dude on YouTube. Dude is still young as fuck too. Can't imagine how he will look in his 30s
Oh i dont know. Probably like hes in his 50s? His face isn't aging well. 
Lol yea he's pretty ugly dude tbh 
you calling Matt Damon ugly?
When Trunks came out of the hyperlobyc chamber
Jesus Christ its Jason Bourne
How many years would it take for me to achieve his size naturally?
Don't know man, although I think.. yeah, ATLEAST 2 years..
Looks like old Dallas has been spending his fair share of time in the hyperbolic time chamber
Lol he does look like a dragonball z character actually 
That's a lot of juice.
Ronnie is the GOAT
Must be all that secret cream he was rubbing on himself the entire time.  Other guys never stood a chance.
Its from lifting peanuts all day
He knew just when to put it on, too. Thanks to his swoleoclock.
The gulf between Ronnie and the other two here is like an order of magnitude.   
Check out that progression of delts from left to right, crazy. 
The mass shifts from the rear to the front too
Ronnie was miles better than the other two. Dorian and Ronnie were in a different universe.
Fuck, i forgot how much flex ruined his aesthetic trying to be a mass monster - it just doesn't flow right. Ironically in this shot big Ron looks way more aesthetic than the other two.
Agreed - it's a shame really. His 1993 Arnold Classic form though - it does not get much more aesthetic than that.
Holy fuck at Flex's rear delt.
Not sure what year this was but one of the years his use of SEOs was obvious in his rear delts and soft glutes
3 reasons why shawn ray was never a mr O
His physique is my massthetics goals, shame he never won
Shawn had a great physique, but as a person hes a fucking cunt.
You're thinking of Flex
RONNIES CHEST OH MA GAWD
Ronnie basically shits on both of them...
Ronnie was definitely king.
kinda noob to BBing history in general - is the 90s era pretty much the mass monster golden era? Do the current top dogs look different because they choose to do so?
Quality of the drugs is different, and genetics, i think.
Black socks Yates started it all 
Ronnie has muscletits
Although i love Kevin's delts and chest here, Ronnie looks damn near perfect. That separation on his front delt and whole upper body, leg definition and the insane bicep... damnn
That dude is 6"4. My pussy is wet and I don't have a pussy.
The guy has done absolute wonders for my motivation lately, I just love the entire look.
Respect that he isn't another fake natty
I like the honest caption 
Id give anything to lick ariana grandes asshole
want to tag team it? that's on my checklist aswell.
Anyone onow where I can get a testosterone pendant?
Woah dude. No pendant source talk 
Oh shit my bad. PM me?
I loved the pic of him smoking a cig. It was him stating that he isn't trying to be the healthiest person in the world, he just wants to look good and life the lifestyle. 
Waist is absolutely superb. One of the best I've seen 
hype for jon youtube channel
any guesses as to his cycle?
He would tell you lol
Says it in the description. Testosterone boosting pendant. Idk his dose though. 
1 pendant. You can see him wearing it. Come on guys.
4 week LGD cycle
Looking at shit like this while bulking is rough. Can't wait to cut all this bloat
how does this guy stay this lean year round? 
the gains pendant
Any estimate on his fat percentage?
He looks aesthetic but he's pretty small
Don't worry bro r/bodybuilding goes through phases, this is the flavor of the month.. one time is was steve cook then ramy then bradley martini(mirin)...the list goes on
Yeah true, but everyone you listed would dwarf Jon
He didn't list buendia, manlets don't count  Anyhow, he does look bigger than I thought 
He's also like 6'4" lol putting on mass has got to be difficult. 
I know I'm 6'3
Ah ok, I thought gaining weight was hard for me at 5'10", can't imagine how it is for you. 
One guy on here said he's much bigger irl. He's pretty tall I think
You know you getting old when the milfs show up under your normal age range. 
also angry about tinder. i bought tinder plus and i cant fucking swipe for social even though im in a group it isnt registering. How am i supposed to organise threesomes.... 
Looks like that water didn't go all the way to wine.
A mini shark
A gainz goblin
Why ur hands so dirty bro. Looked like u were in class after u went gardening
Why don't you just find a new gym or bring up the fact that you could use new benches and bars to him?
Who brags about benching 280? 
The guy who weighs 130lbs
/u/derpjungler literally just told you...
to most people a 280 bench is unfathomable
I don't need to brag. Looks do it for me 
He is fucking skinny as hell and he never trained legs (besides leg extention), nor he did any form of deadlifting before lol. he brags because it's his only achievement and tbh, no1 in the gym benches more than 2 plates (and there are few guys who bench 2 plates, including me which is my max)
A guy I work with swears his 1RM is 315. And while he is in good shape, there is literally no fucking way he can even rep 225.
If you can't rep 225 then you probably don't look like you're in good shape from a bodybuilding/weightlifting perspective.
Wait so if you can bench 225 does that mean you are in good shape from a bodybuilding perspective?
No.
I knew it. I knew it was a lie that people were whispering in my ear before I hit 225.  And now that I've surpassed it I still don't feel big  But its part of the game at this point
I totally agree man. I didn't mention that he owns it with another dude who's doing pretty much most of the admin stuff AND is the class teacher. The other dude (who i'm ranting about) does minimum admin stuff and instead of helping/spotting people he is just walking around making fun of people (in a "friendly" but annoying way). My old gym was owned by a retired bodybuilder (competed in 1974 and came 2nd in my country) and he was spotting everyone who asked him to and gave away all his knowledge with pleasure..
This. I only know of one gym within probably 100 miles of me that is a strictly bodybuilding/powerlifting gym. The only reason it exists is exactly because of what I said, it's the only one within 100 miles.    Every other gym around has to rely on casual gym goers to stay in business, thus they tend to cater to them. Doesn't bother me, I don't blame them one bit, they're running a business not a charity.
This concept sounds too good to be true 
london which has like 10 million people at one time has about half a dozen actually  dedicated decent powerlifting equipment where the rest like puregym has tons of cardio
Pure gym is pretty sick for serious lifting though. All the ones I've been to have a dedicated free weights area at least as big as the cardio area. Then they have at least as many machines as the free weights area and the cardio area put together.
It's like insurance.  You use the money from the people who don't get sick to pay for the people who do.  Only in this case, we're talking about sick gainz.
Excellent haha
Today boys ive seen it all.  An skinny asian guy doing pull ups on the lat pull down machine. Yh that's right. He whacked the pin into the bottom of the stack and decided to do pull ups...like wtf 
Maybe he thought he was doing pulldowns, but he wasn't as strong as he anticipated.
Hes just shocking the muscles amirite
It fuckin annoys me when I hear people say "I'd rather have arms and a chest than abs." Like brah. Come on. If you don't have them when you have abs you don't actually have them
I actually would rather have big arms and a big chest over abs.   Abs are neat but obviously, but if you don't compete, being big is more impressive than abs on a daily basis (as long as you aren't fat)  How often do you take your shirt off in public really?
But if you don't have them when you have abs that probably means it was fat that made you "have" them. So I'm saying por que no los dos, they aren't mutually exclusive 
I know who you are and I'm even considering trying your version of 531 but I think we're going to have to agree to disagree on this
"I'd rather have big boobs than a flat stomach"  -300lb ham planet
In my city it's getting cold and rainy already aaaand the gyms almost empty
November / December are almost there be patient. That's 2 months bracing yourself before New Year resolutioners
Lack of spatial awareness makes me uneasy. I'll be benching or doing OHP and people walk waaaay too close to a moving barbell. It's distracting and makes me anxious. And I just know that if someone gets hit in the head with the end of a barbell it's going to somehow be interpreted as my fault. 
This is probably the thing I hate the most. Not even the real dangerous shit but sometimes just blocking me from walking somewhere.  Just scoot a little to the fucking side bro, don't stand in the pathway of people walking.
I've spoken to a few people who get to close, and they always nod and apologize, but then they essentially close down their station and leave.  I'm not trying to scare you away, just don't get close to my bar.  I've seen someone get hit.  I don't want to get crippled because you couldn't wait ten seconds to grab a 5lb plate
My deadlift form, some days all the strain is my lower back. Sometimes pulling my 5RM is fairly easy and i feel my hamstrings actually working.  But I don't feel like 'Im pulling it any different, pisses me off because my squat is shooting up on this bulk and It's probably gonna overtake my DL soon. I should deload, but the ego is real.
I had that problem maybe 8 years back. Took some time to fix the root causes
How many sets do you usually do for deadlifts?
3x5, then usually some back off sets.
Deload, it sucks but it'll be worth it.  My deadlift was doing similar to what yours is and deloading helped along with really focusing on engaging my hamstrings, glutes and lats and imagining that I was pushing the floor away with my feet and not just pulling the bar away from it. 
Muh real food
Weird. I've only ordered with them once before and it a couple days late. They advertise 5-10 working days delivery to Canada though. Having to wait a month or a month and a half is insane.
I used to never have issues with myprotein until my last order. The item was never delivered. No one ever left a card/note. Called up the delivery company and my protein, and they kept promising delivery the next day. Then they turned around and said I can pick it up at their depot, 45 minutes away. I just told them to keep it, and refund my money. 
I've heard from people having bad experiences with them. never had any issues myself though. always fast delivery without issues.. 
Wow, i can't imagine waiting that long for shipping anything. Here in the Netherlands the standard is next-day shipping cause the country's just that fucking small. Sorry bro, I hope it all works out for you.
Canada. My protein is pretty slow because they ship from the UK, but it is supposed to be two week delivery.   bb.com is usually here in a couple days tops. 
That's insane, when I ordered from them, it came wickedly fast. I would definitely call customer service, they will probably throw in something extra for the inconvenience. 
MyProtein seems really inconsistent, sometimes it's super fast and other times it takes a few more days.
always paypal bro
I fucking hate ego lifters. Yesterday there was this one dude at the gym who was squatting about 160-170kg in a crowded area, without the safety bars up. He proceeds to fail the lift (he had already failed twice before that), and the bar crashed down and hit a girl pretty hard in the leg. The fucker didn't even apologize or check to see if she was okay. Slow the fuck down and do it right, no one is impressed with how much you can drop on the ground. 
Wtf? That kind of shit should warrant a ban from the gym. Did she tell the desk attendant/was there one around? 
No, she didn't tell anyone. I think she was all right in the end. I'll talk to the staff about it if he continues like this. Hopefully it was a one time thing. 
Threw a different protein in my oats and it fucked everything up. Fuck you marc lobliner your whey ruined my breakfast
Yeah his protein sludges up if you only add a little water.
Which flavor did you get?  I usually really like MTS whey.
Cookies cream. Its bleh. My own fault for stealing my sisters protein instead of my animal whey. But im broke so cutting corners
Day 4 of being a father. I'm losing my mind.  I've lost 10 pounds this week and I don't have any time to lift. Regardless, I'd use that time to sleep. I've had about 1 hour max of uninterrupted sleep this week. 
Every week I see dads frustrated with their newborns stealing their gainz. My daughter is due 11 weeks from today. I can't even explain how hard I've been going the last few weeks and how much harder I will be going for at least the next 10. I shall pray at the Iron Temple of Brodin for you.
It really isn't that bad.   I've got a 4 y.o, 2 y.o, and a 2 mo baby, and still lift for over an hour every day.  The first week or two the baby might wake up hourly, just take turns with your wife on who has to wake up and do the diapers.  If your wife is pumping or you use formula you can help her with feedings  too.  By week 3 or 4 the baby will only be waking up 2-3x per night, go to bed early, and it's not that bad.  You can definitely keep up with your lifting schedule through the infant stages, and by 2 months they will probably be down to only 1 wake-up per night.  Make sure they are getting enough to eat right before you go to bed and they will sleep longer. 
Not reassuring at all..
Sorry, the first bit apparently is horrible no matter what. I have a shoulder tear that holding him aggravates too. I managed some ok sleep last night though. 
Infants are around 10 pounds right? Perfect weight for high rep high squeeze. 
Home gym ftw brother. 
I shall lift the heavy things in your honor this fine evening, friend. Brodin doth not rack weights we cannot lift.
Wheymen brother. Thank you. 
Make ur son lift
Bench 5 rep max is now a weight I can barely do for 2 reps. I got a little off schedule the last few weeks but it's not like I stopped benching so I don't know what gives. Really annoying because I was planning on testing a new 1 rep max soon but it's pointless for now until I can get my bench back up.
Deload? 
Might be time to, but it's strange because I didn't even hit a plateau. Like my bench was on a fairly constant but slow increase, one rep at a time, and then it didn't even level out. Just dropped.  
Odd I've found quads less painful then glutes. I do always hit legs really hard after pinning though.
Pip shouldnt be that intense or last that long. Did it leak subq?
Virgin pip is that intense. I had it too pinning quads for the first times. The pip continually gets less
I think it depends a lot on whats in the oil and the individual. Oddly enough, my left quad was pretty darn sore the first time but my right quad was hardly noticeable. 
Yeah...I've definitely got that in the back of my head.  Going to give z-tracking a try if giving it a rest post-injection doesn't do the trick.  Slin pins are so nice especially for the daily jab and I've got a ton of them so I'm going to keep trying to iron out a good process.    Not super convinced it is a subq leak either just yet.  The soreness is definitely in my muscle and doesn't radiate super far out from the injection spot.  Maybe an inch radius and that's pretty small from what I've read other folks complain about where they feel it all the way down to their knee.  Could just be a volume difference though. 
Don't use slin pins for IM injections... just take normal 1 1/2"
What are you running and how often do you pin? Do you rotate sites enough, assuming you're pinning every day or so? You should try to give the spot around 3-4 days before hitting it again. 
Nooooooo go try to train through it. It makes it feel better, I promise.
I did hit legs (minus squats) on Monday and did some LISS M/T/W but the pain is real.  Nice 5 minute stretch/massage breaks throughout the day seem to be helping a tiny bit.  
I just lifted next to one of the ego lifters the other day. So, I'm more of a weightlifter (I like the residual size gains from Oly lifting ), so I was doing Deadlifts and clean pulls, and this guy pulls up next to me, looking smug and asked the Asians trap bar deadlifting next to me to work in. This guy pulls up 315 for reps with spinal cracking form (really rounded back) and grunting like he owns the place. Then a while later, stacks another for 405, he is probably maxing since he is hitching like a motherfucker, looked like Michael Jackson doing the smooth criminal lean but backwards. Yelling his chromosomes off, then dropped the weight, trying to impress these Asian DYELs, then he went to go do some heavy cheat curls.
I can't fucking sleep recently.  Killing my recovery.  Feeling sick.
Trens the culprit on my end 
Melatonin and weed.
I think it might have something to do with my new gear cycle. I'm goin to try that last part doe, just trying to relax for an hour before bed. Thank you. Thankfully no work for 3 days.
Too fat to justify bulking more, but too skinny to justify cutting down. FeelsBadMan
By that argument, I'm not cutting until a 1 ton total and a roughly similar bodyweight.
Go either full bear mode or auschwitz mode. Just stick with one.
I find living alone to be great.  It does get boring sometimes but just keep yourself busy.
Yeah most times it's cool but I go through the occasional dark period. Staying busy is key for sure. 
holy shit someone provided evidence. nice one dude
I guess at least they aren't playing pokemon go
you could have just asked them to work in or something
I'd take a bar and walk away.. fuck those guys.
I've done that. Usually mutter something like "mind if I work in?" And just take the shit they obviously aren't using.
bro they probably dont even realize just ask next time to work in or some shit
Why don't you know, just ask for one of the bars? Sure they are assholes for hoarding them, but I bet they would of just given you one if you asked
You're definitely right. These guys are actually really meek and passive when you confront them. They probably would've let him take all the bars if he actually walked up and asked.   But like OP, I'm also Asian (born in 'murica), and I often get irrationally angry when I see foreign Asians exhibiting no manners or common courtesies. These guys won't even hold the door open for you when you're walking right behind them. I know it's actually a cultural difference from their lives in mainland China, but it still bothers me greatly that they're making Asians look bad. And it's not like I have any authority to tell them how to act since we don't have anything in common other than how we look. 
Gyno
Gyyes
It's an advantage to blending in for sure
Nothing to rage about, everything is at peace with the universe. This DYEL guy at my gym who always throws down his dumbbells after every set, regardless of how heavy, got told off by the gym management finally. 
Haven't hit the gym in over two weeks because of last semester at uni kicking my ass, dropped about 7 pounds, and am sick as a dog and will probably drop more more pounds. Fuck you Cold and fuck you too Flu
Flu shot boi
People that don't tip. If you take a taxi or go out to a restaurant give them a tip. They don't get paid much and live off this tip money 
I am with Mr. Pink when it comes to tipping.
Idk man I see it as a tip is more a reward for good service. I went out to IHOP at midnight with a friend and didn't have menus for 20 minutes after being seated in a nearly empty restaurant with a bunch of idle behemoth waitresses just lazing around. Then the food was extremely mediocre and almost cold. And then when it came time to pay she took 25 minutes to take the payment after we left it out, returned to collect it and claimed she was serving a party of 14 that just came in. There is ONE entrance to the place we would've seen if 14 people walked in. We saw her messing around w her coworkers in the back. We were literally thinking about dining and dashing and snubbing them the service was so god awful. Came in at 12 am and weren't out till 2 am. And that's entirely on the part of the service. 
Thats bad service. If you don't do your job correctly then you should not be tipped.   I'm saying if you do your job good, and you don't get tipped.  Have you ever worked in a restaurant or a job that tips?   A tip is a reward, I agree with you. But if you do your job correctly and on time you deserve one.
Yeah I understand tho it sucks when you have your tips pooled and coworkers don't pull their weight or when you're on that 2.00 plus tips pay 
I hate the vacuum pose and this weird new obsession with having a "classic" physique. 
Just more space for you to go and be a monster.
For real, some people(including me) worked really hard to get away from that anorexic look and suddenly its a new pose?
It's a fad, it will pass. 
This week I've had it with the gym staff, all of these "personal trainers" give newcomers  (specially early 40's moms which arrive just about the time I'm finishing my routine) such terrible advice and the way they tell people how to do any excercise... I mean do you really think a 45 y/o lady with NO gym experience whatsoever should be doing calf raises with 3 45's on each side? Or that 1/5 depth squat for that 50 y/o guy who can barely rack it out is gonna do something besides an injury? So each time I ran into someone (just when I'm next to them) like that I tell them to lower the weight and do it properly and since the personal trainers are next to them I say "I'm sorry theres no one competent enough within the staff to teach you the correct way, you shouldn't listen to most of the stuff they tell you" and I make sure they are listening and hopefully feel ashamed or at least get mad.
Take care with that, if they're gym staff they can seriously screw up your image and get you kicked out of the gym. 
That last part sounded mean as shit
It's ok cuz that kid is one of the worst of the stoners
I'm just some dude on the internet, but shit like that makes bullying you much easier to justify.   If you want to feel better than people, do something more impressive than not smoking marijuana because you're afraid/no connection/no money. Just lift and vidya with your friends until you graduate.
I finish work late at night so I train at 1am in a 24hr gym.  If you are the only other guy in the gym, go fuck off down the other end, don't train so close to me I can smell you and hear you grunting over my headphones.  I don't give a fuck what you're lifting, or how sweet your gains are, and I certainly don't want to be you're fucking friend. Let me have my therapy session in peace.
Sounds a little entitled on your end man, like he's probably not there for the sake of bothering you. 
There's like 15 benches he could sit on and only one power rack to work off, I just expect to be able to lift without having to worry about coping some guy in the face with the bar because he is training at arms length from me
Was looking at that dinner for two promotion myself... but I was gonna be nice and share with my gf. Still looks like a good ass deal though.
"Gf"  That's a typo right??
Cuz.. it's not believable that I have a girlfriend? I don't get it
Because everyone on this sub is into dudes 
Oh, ya it's all for show
Noice
Think this could be done with canned salmon?  Obviously it wont taste as good, but I don't see why not, right?
I guess you could do it, I've never tried it but I don't see any reason why.   If you do it that way, please let me know how it goes 
use cauliflower and make your own crust. lower the carbs. works pretty fucking good if you season it right
Oh this is a good one. I've got a recipe planned for tonight but im may give this a shot next Friday. Thanks man.
I'm excited for you, let me know how it goes 
Halo Top Mint chip is the tits.  Let it sit for a few minutes to melt a bit, and boom, you got some shit that tastes like legit ice cream....mostly.
like 6 dollars though
Pretty much the only downside.
Even though I live in a major city, there's pretty much only one place that sells Halo and it's a bloody trek for me. Is it worth it? How does it taste?
Unless you're cutting on some real poverty macros, no.  Edy's Slow Churned is like 10g more carbs per serving and tastes (and costs) SOOOO much better.
Cool. Will make the trip and stock up. I'm telling myself I will only eat it bit by bit, but it's been so long since I've had ice cream that I know, deep down in the darkest parts of my heart, that I'm going to essentially wrap my lips around the entire opening, tilt my head back, and suck that bad boy down in one gulp like the disgusting monster I am.  
Wtf can one do to make brown rice not so boring 
Brown rice noodles are delicious 
Switch to quinoa. I can't eat brown rice disgusting 
Honestly I think cilantro and lime would be your best bet. Turn it into Chipotle style rice. Although lately I've switched from rice to quinoa and I like it more cuz its easier to digest and I feel less bloated after eating. Similar amount of carbs and you can even make it in the rice cooker if you wanted to.
Cayenne pepper. Finely diced fried onions, fried egg chopped up, garlic (don't even need oil just a non stick pan). 
Drown it in sriracha
Michael Jackson the brown rices ass and turn it into white rice. Taste so much better
Hot sauce or soy sauce
2 things come to mind.   1) boil it in broth  2) add curry powder to the rice cooker
I've been adding curry powder and grated turmeric root in my rice in the cooker, it's skewed my perception so much I don't know if I could go back to eating normal rice.
Sriracha, lime juice, chicken broth and cilantro has been a staple for me for the last year. 
M8 did you just suggest that I, as a red blooded American, make meatloaf with anything besides beef...
I know. I can only apologise. 
Also that I, as a red blooded American, measure my food in kilograms...
Did you all see that Halo Top released about 10 new flavors (including red velvet)? I just about wet myself.
Cant seem to find any new ones but pretty pumped for the peanutbutter cup one and oreo. I have a feeling the majority of my cals will come from ice cream when I find them though. 
I've tried pistachio, red velvet, and oatmeal cookie so far. Red Velvet is by far my favorite. Pistachio reminds me of a Pecan Sandie cookie. Oatmeal Cookie tastes really good but I wasn't a fan of the big chunks of oats that they put in it. 
but oats are so bb
I'm so pumped to try them. I'll probably stop by the store this weekend to see what they have. I had pistachio ice cream at a frozen yogurt place a year back that was crazy good, so I'm hoping it tastes similar.
Hey guys - NPC Bikini Competitor here who hates seafood. Last peak week I tried as best I could to suffer through it with as much yellow mustard as I could. Plugged my nose at times, closed my eyes and tried to just pretend it was chicken.. Long story short it's hard for me to eat it. Makes me gag - hard to get down without puking it up. I was thinking of just doing ground turkey breast this time. 3oz vs 4oz of Cod seem to be pretty macro similar. Opinions?
You're splitting hairs imo. I'd be shocked if you couldn't find non-seafood lean meats that would fit your calorie/protein requirements. If you prefer ground turkey, find some 96/4 and have at it.
Cool part time jobs? I already work at a gym and am looking to take on something else due to a light class schedule this semester
is a job at a gym not cool enough??
Pizza delivery for easy bulk gains
Rest days are important. If you are wanting to up the volume like that I would suggest some sort of Upper/Lower split or PPL.
Well the normal rest days are still here.  I would only do M, W, F, and rest every other day.  I'm just asking why I can't do all the compounds in each session.
Gotch ya. And well, the short answer is that you can if you want. Kind of like everything else in fitness, do what works for you.   Typically, the reason all the compounds aren't performed in the same day is frankly because of muscle fatigue. The compounds hit quite a few different muscle groups and the compounds you hit at the end of the workout will be so low in intensity by that point.   That's why typically you begin with the compounds and as the workout moves on you get to more isolated movements. You do the compounds which use a lot of muscle groups and stabilizing muscles and then move into the isolated exercises that might take stabilizing out of the equation so it's direct muscle work. Compounds are really good at overloading and you can do a lot more weight on them. You wouldn't be doing them much justice by putting them at the end of the workout.  But don't let me stop you. If you think this is a solid plan, go for it and see if it works for you. I am just putting into perspective why programs don't typically do that. 
You aren't getting a lot of accessory work in. If you are cool with lifting 6 days a week I would do PPL honestly. You hit each compound 2 times a week and has a lot of hypertrophy in it as well. I think it's a nice well rounded routine. 
There's not a lot of accessory work and it's mostly just compounds cause recently my goals changed to be more aligned with becoming a strong ass manlet for the next 3 months    This way, I got each compound 3 times a week like SS/SL and am at the gym 6 times a week which I like   I guess I could switch incline bench and Yates rows with dumbbell row and dumbbell incline though 
Imagine having a sister that tries to flaunt her boobs nonstop god damn I'd be playing the hardest defense that history has ever seen
He likes her pics it looks like. Trying to get the whole family that social media money 
Her face is like a 6/10 so I guess I'd ride those boobs to Valhalla too if I were her
6 is low, but I get your point 
Idk man if you cruise through her posts to find a shot without a good angle and makeup caked on I'm sure you'll be woefully unimpressed too
Puts Calum's chest to shame
Life has me beaten down brahs,  Workouts have been shit and my diet fell off track. 0 motivation coming from within, like the fire died out  What do you homies do to get the fire back ?   
I don't know, man. I think these are the times that you need to persevere even without that flame burning and, generally, if you can keep going, it will reignite and you'll be better off for not having quit when things weren't easy
Honestly, I just let bullshit roll off my back. Always have. I don't let things get to me and when they do they don't bother me for long.   One thing that helped me before lifting was a quote. "Why worry? If you can fix the problem, then do it. If you can't, then worrying is a waste of time".   Also, lifting has done absolute wonders for my mental health. I feel like such a more happy person.   But in all seriousness, you're the only one who can figure out how to get yourself through this. We can give tips. But at the end of the day, it's all on you.   You can do this brah. We're all here rooting for you. I got faith in you, you sick cunt. 
Has anyone ever tried combining PHAT and 5/3/1? I've been incorporating 5/3/1 into my power days, just wanted to get opinions.  
Getting bigger and getting stronger go hand in hand. Just because you're not doing high volume pump workouts it doesn't mean you're not bodybuilding. I mean, you're still building your body.
Yeah, I need my daily waffle meal.
I'm an intermediate male. I can progress workout to workout getting a rep or two more than the previous one. I am pretty underweight at 121 lbs and 5'9. My strength levels are at the intermediate levels currently.  My question is that, in a lean gaining phase now, would I progress faster i.e. more muscular hypertrophy (I'm more concerned with looks over strength even though they are related) by doing Lyle McDonald's Generic Bulking routine which is L/U/L/U using double progression on all exercises or doing Eric Helms' intermediate bodybuilding program from his Muscle and Strength Pyramids training book which is L/U/L/P/P using wave loading on compounds and double progression on isolations? Or am I just overthinking things and they'd give me very similar results in terms of muscularity and progression?
Overthinking things.  If you care about getting bigger more than stronger, choose a hypertrophy program/a program that works in a lot of moderate rep ranges.
You're over  thinkin. Just follow a program and eat a lot.
121 lbs and intermediate? What are your lifts?
dude obviously deads 9plates
He should do strong lifts and he should get 15 plates in 3 months
Less science, more lifting and eating, it sounds like that's what you need
You know guys, real talk, I didn't feel like going to the gym today. But you all motivate me. You look better than me, lift more than me, and have years more experience.   So here I am at the gym, forearms cramping, back cramping, hitting these reps to finish off the week strong.   Thanks folks. 
We're all going to make it brah
Can I get swole as a motherfucker by going to the gym 4-5 times a week? I've been trying to go every day, but I inevitably miss a day or two each weekend due to partying, bad diet(so I skip the gym to hit calories and protein), computer games, etc.
I go four to five times per week and I can nearly bench 400 pounds so u tell me, boi
Pls sir can i have some gains
Do you guys subscribe to the theory that 70-100 pushups before bed will increase the blood flow to that area, therefor giving it more nutrients and helping it grow?
I subscribe to the theory that push up are an exersize that is strenuous, to which in turn muscles adapt and repair causing growth
wait, wut?
Never had problems with cramping until I started doing fasted cardio. Now my legs feel like they are trying to tear themselves apart.
Where can I get this job?
Any Halloween ideas for this gay boi...no homo
Recreate Will Ferrells lumberjack outfit from step brothers.  This was seriously an off the cuff idea.
Well that'll work too, but if you dress exactly like Ferrell did, pretty sure you're allowed to tell every girl at the party that you traveled 500 miles to give her your seed and no one is allowed to be upset about it.
Been getting alot of stomach cramps for the past day or two. Tried going to the gym, hells no. Literally cannot tense my stomach without it feeling weird. Couldn't even warm up on bench, had to leave after 5 min.
cramps or appendicitis? 
cramps m8, think its just a stomach flu tbh. But i honestly cannot tense my stomach.
On BM's lean bulk program for 7 weeks(first 8 weeks is supposed to focus on strength) now, and I don't think any of my lifts have increased except deadlift. Is this normal for a guy who has been going to the gym for 4 years ? I can see I gained decedent mass but the strength has been stalling for a while now.
whats your lifts
Haven't noticed any difference since i've started my EC stack. Apetite is still the same. Reckon this could be down to the lab? UK bros specifically, i'm using 101. Any other places that might be better? Anyone tried the premade ECA stacks?
dose? I just got back on yesterday after a good break. Took 200mg caffeine, 16mg ephedrine, and a baby aspirin and I definitely feel the effects. My appetite is the same, I just find it easier to hold out between meals.
200mg Caffeine and 20mg E, left out the aspirin since so many people said you didn't need it. 
I take the aspirin but it's irrelevant. If it's your first time taking an EC stack you SHOULD feel 20mg but it's never that drastic. I feel like I had too much coffee for about an hour or two after taking it first thing in the morning but that goes away after like a week. Also keep in mind that with both ephedrine and caffeine, just because you don't feel it doesn't mean it's not working. Wait a month and then try like 24 or 28 mg.
Honestly only use EC to stop hunger further into a cut. Not going to see much fat loss from using it imo its not magic... 
I know, but just kinda confused at why my hunger is still there.
I'd recommend using pharma quality Ephedrine rather than one of the pre formed UGL ECA's. There's a lot of fake Ephedrine going around as the raws are quite difficult to source. Drop me a message and I can give you some more information about what to look out for.
Underhand grip pulldowns are amazing. I wish I knew about this sooner
Just wait until you find out about overhand curls
Decided to try the 5 hour energy shot with protein. 100 calories, 21 pro, 3 carb. Thought "wow that's a pretty lean source of protein"  Don't try it. It tastes like sweaty feet. My stomach still hasn't stopped churning. Should have just got the jerky..
Man it seems that everyone is coming out with "added protein" type products.
Kind of impressive that they can fit that much protein in.
That's what I thought. Seemed like a great source.   But I realize that the way they got all that protein is by not putting anything that actually tastes good in it..
Remember what I said about how I'd take the pain from a 20g pin in exchange for a fast, easy pin? I lied. This sucks so bad. Back to 23's for me 
wouldn't a wound that large bleed or maybe leak oil potentially?
Nah. Didn't feel any different from other pins for me, personally. Tiny bit of blood, but nothing bad. Honestly didn't feel any PIP until today (Friday) and I pinned Wednesday night. Even now it's not as bad as the first week, when my entire thigh was swollen and shit. 
Even 23 is on the larger side lol
Today was going well until i just got a text that one of my best friends dads committed suicide with a gun yesterday in his garage. I've known him 20 years, since I was 5 years old and he was an awesome guy. The gym has always gotten me through break ups, but this is on another level. FUCK
Shit dude. Is ur friend ok?
Whenever i see ur name i read it as justin bieber
That works
His whole family is a mess. I cant imagine what his mom is going through. Walking into the garage and seeing that your husband blew his brains out
So I'm about to try ECA stack for the first time, let's see what happens.
it's legit.
You don't need the A
Instead of A I'm taking fish oil since I've been meaning to use it for a while.
Started mine a little over a week ago, really works great. 
See, i'm not sure if my hunger is suppressed from the placebo effect or the ephedrine but I definitely have energy right now. Have you noticed yourself burning any extra calories?
The appetite suppression is real, hard to measure the thermogenic effect. Overall it helps with the lack of energy in the cut for sure. 
That's what I've heard about the calorie part but yeah, there's a spring in my step that I haven't had for a while
Not jittery either, it's great preworkout too haha 
I'd take it as preworkout but 4 times a week I like to do HIIT after (Swimming and Running). I might take it before my some days where I'll do HIIT way later. What's a good time to wait for HIIT 2 hours, 4 hours?
I've been on it for a month, haven't noticed much of a difference which is kinda weirding me out considering how much people rave on about them
Right now it's like whenever I hop on pre-workout after taking a break for a while but like double the energy.
How exactly is linear progression supposed to work? I do 4 x 5 for the big three on their respective strength days. So is linear progression moving up 5-10 lbs a week on every set and successfully completing every rep? Or is it like moving up on one set, completing it and then dropping for the remaining sets and completing them? my lifts are all in the intermediate range if it matters.   
Linear progression is really just that you keep increasing your lifts at the same pace for a long time, if you can increase 5-10 lbs every week you are literally a god though.  It's usually more like you steadily increasing your lifts but slowly. Pretty much it's just that you don't plateau for a matter of months during your first year or so of lifting.
Miss me? I don't get much computer time. New borns are no joke. 
The question is not whether we miss you. The question is whether your weights miss you.
They weep as I walk past the home gym in the garage. 
I know you've heard it a lot but congratulations again man, hope everything is going well and the little gains goblin is doing fine.  Also, have you starting crumbling dbol pills to put in his formula yet?
Been contemplating sucking that hgh out the wife's tits lol. Ty man. I can't believe I'm a father. 
Has anyone tried a training split such as this? I read about it on a forum somewhere- a successful bodybuilder in the 90's (can't remember the name) used it.  Chest- BB Bench 1x8, DB Incline 1x10, Pec Deck 1x12, Dips 1x15  Same for every muscle group, training in a chest/bi, back/tri, shoulders/legs split.  Thoughts?
so it's just a stupid low volume split?
Yeah- I've seen that.  I've also thought about splitting it Chest/Back/Bi/Calf, Quads/Hams/Delts/Tri/Abs, and hitting each body part 3x/week.
Does anyone know what the fuck Plexus is? Been seeing a few people shill for it all over Facebook.  Been going to the gym with some of my old high school friends now that im settled back in. I can feel their eyes whenever I bust out the big weight which feels great. Hoping it does some psychological shit to help me destroy more PRs.
Plexus is some stupid weight loss magic powder that you put in water and make it all pink. I haven't looked into it much, but I'm pretty sure it's just a MLM scam placebo. They advocate drinking a lot of water though, so that's good.
So much sodium, but I could use that level of protein from a single meal lol. Would make the bulk so much easier.
For America that's a standard.
Maybe even low for a state fair
I survived off those at Disneyland. Fucking awesome. Not as good at smaller fairs, tbh. Write a review reply.
Good to hear. I think I need to hunt some down during my next bulk.
fucking LOVE the big turkey legs.  i would eat that erry day if there was a vendor next to work ...
A good friend of mine/past coworker got into a car accident 12 days ago. His lower right leg was broken in multiple places and there was extensive muscle damage. He has gone through four surgeries so far, with the fourth being the last option and most devastating, which occurred in the late hours of last night. He got a below the knee amputation. He was an avid skier and snowboarder, he will never be able to work our job in the warehouse again, and I can't imagine what he's going through. I donated all I could, as people are rallying up money for a prothstetic for him.   I'm doing this leg workout in honor of him. Whatever you're lifting today, kill it, because you never know what could happen. We are all very fragile beings and we cannot take what we have for granted. 
12 years as a limb and brace administrator...he is young and strong, his life is full ahead of him. I promise. People get well fitting prosthetics, they rehab, and they often return to their old lifestyle believe it or not. Much love.
Good to hear. He's a strong guy, and one of the best people I know. I know he'll get through this.
I always get this weird feeling on the right side of my groin when lifting heavy. Thought it may be a hernia or something, but there's no bulge and both my testicles are there. Not sure what's going on. Anyone else get this feeling?
I get a pain like this when I squat with a wide stance. It might be your flexors. Try warming up with the bad girl/good girl machine and it should make it better. 
Yes, occasionally when deadlifting. Have no idea what it's from. Scared the hell out of me the first time I felt it since I was also worried it might be a hernia.
I've been going to physical therapy for the same thing. For me, it's caused by weak hip abductors and flexors, causing my knee to bend inward and my hip to lose mobility on that side. Stretch and make sure you don't neglect those muscles. 
i used to get that on very heavy squats with belt.  (like a slight 'burning' sensation).  lowered the weight a bit, stopped using a belt and so far it hasn't re-occurred.  I did get checked for hernia, just in case, and they ultrasound was negative for hernia ... 
Went on a great date with a grill on Tuesday night and hit it off really well, but she's busy with work and events next week (like actually busy, she was sending me pics of the concerts and shit). I asked her when she was free next and she said she'd check but hasn't gotten back with that. She's sent a few pics in the meantime so I know she's not doing the fadeaway, but how do I follow up again without looking like a needy bitch?   I haven't sent her a text since since Wednesday.
phone call to catch up?
I was thinking about calling but I sound autistic as shit on the phone
I'm just saying, it's that personable level between text and real life, just a quick chit chat...being a girl, she'll probably fill up the silences lol
The young generation is telephone call phobic. 
This generation is definitely apprehensive about phone calling. It's gonna seem desperate, unfortunately 
Let her make the next date when she aint busy
Grills never take the initiative on anything dating-wise, so I'm not expecting this grill to.
If she doesn't initiate then don't bother doing anything. People make time for the things they want to do if she doesn't make the effort neither should you.
Yeah, that's been my experience in the past but I didn't want to let this one go.
Dawg you went out with her on Tuesday I think if you start pushing to see her again so soon you'll come across a little needy. If she's still texting you text her back and shit like she's just one of your bros. No need to push things this early in the game just like how you don't warmup with your 1RM.  
Not yet, hence the reason I want to keep this going. She's 5' 7" and thin enough that I could OHP her for reps.
So 50lbs? Bro, she's too young...
Daaaamn
Yeah, I have two other dates this weekend but there was just something about Tuesday girl.
Do you own a clown costume?
Text her today. Ask her how her day is going. In a couple days if she doesn't say anything about when she's free, don't text for a day or two and then hit her up asking when she has some time to hang out.
People don't like to compliment people better looking than themselves. I get called skinny by fat people, and fat by skinny people. It's a cruel world.
"Skinny" means lean to some people. I'm 5'11 215 so by no means am I skinny, but when I tell people that the response I get is usually "omg but you look so much skinnier than that"
Girls never use the word "lean," instead they use "skinny" and "thin."  So just assume that the scrawny dude is really a little girl.
Opinions on rest days? Been googling this shit and I have never seen so much controversy in my life. Right now I hardly ever take rest days and feel fine, but if I can train less and make the same gains then wtf am I doing.
Drugs really make a difference on your recovery tho, thats for sure. I think a muscle should rest about 48 hours (therefore fullbody x3, UL x2 or 3, PPL x2, or PPx3 are all pretty much optimal). The problem are those who say that the kidneys or the CNS doesnt recover. Hell, kinobody says that the local nerves wont recover or smth. Idk fam
Depends on caloric intake and how ur recovery is
Ur body may just need a bit of rest. Remember you grow while recovering, not while lifting
Individual. If you progress it's gtg.
Try it and see if it works. 
thats the plan
Your body will let you know when it needs to rest.
This sub has changed me. Got lucky and smashed this grill last night. She fist bumped me after we fucked and then later that night asked me if I could suck my own dick instead of jerking off if I would. Said no but I fckin hesitated for a few minutes. You fucks are changing me 
I used to be able to get it in there when I was 15, but the discomfort on your neck and back are enough to give you a softie.  If I could do it with total comfort, fuck yeah every damn day. 
What's gay about getting your dick sucked?
Ain't nothin wrong with it
Nothing.  It's sucking a dick that's gay.
Be honest next time
Think of Steve and you'll give the right answer next time.
I think a comment on the DD one time said, "Sucking your dick feels a lot less like getting your dick sucked, and a lot more like sucking a dick."
Fuck, that's deep.
What's your point?
Hell yeah, I would never leave the house if I could.
Honest to God, would rather kill myself.  If the forst option doesn't work out coke zero is the second option
Surely regular coke would be better if he's not getting enough calories.
Oh didn't realise he was not doing it on purpose, that's true.  I never really drink regular coke anymore, I can straight up feel the sugar.
I'm on a bodybuilding routine right now. I love it and am seeing good growth. But my back is so fucking weak. Does it makes sense to continue the bb routine everywhere else and focus on strong lifts for my back?
So I had to create a new account to use on here.   Someone from my work found my username through another local city subreddit and decided to start linking and emailing around my posts, a lot of them being semi-gay and talking about some pretty out of context stuff.   I quickly went through and deleted a few of my photos of me in undies and stuff pulling a front double bicep so i don't think they got out.   I use this place almost as a journal to talk about life's issues and complained about many things such as issues with relationships on other subs etc.   Just remember that people can be cunts and to keep your internet life private.  
Dude, fuck that person. That's harassment - a fireable offense.   You now have a life nemesis. Only one of you can survive 
The trick is to use an incredibly stealthy username to hide your activities.
The nice thing about being in engineering is that I'm basically by default the biggest kid in the lecture hall, even though I still feel small
Computer science checking in.   No girls though so it doesn't even count.
When I first starting lifting I thought Dom was my goal physique. Now when I look at him, I think he looks DYEL. How big must I get to be happy??????? 
Dom has a strange physique to be honest. His front double biceps looks amazing for a natty but when you look at his arm from the outside he looks like he doesn't even lift. It's like two different people.   Solid chest and abs though like a bro is supposed to 
You'll never be happy.  It was in the fine print when you signed up
Coworker is starting lifting and wants me to get juice for him after about 3 months. That is all
I could do 15 perfect form pullups but could never lift myself over the bar....also I rarely use clips when its a comfortable weight on bench but once had 75 pounds worth of weight slide off bar when my arm unexpectedly failed, crushing and killing a small child.
I feel like the second confession is slightly bigger maybe you should have led with that
I'm failing college
I feel like I have really bad depression and anxiety have most of the symptoms. And it runs in my family but anytime my parents ask me or the doctor asks me I lie because I don't want to except that I have these problems I definitely have so I just keep telling everyone I'm ok when I know for a fact somethings wrong with me. 
I was the same bro. You cant keep it in forever, shit eats away at you over time and gets worse and worse. Go and see a therapist. Your parents wont even know, though chances are they already do... it was easily the best thing ive done for myself.
you just humble bragged the shit out of this post
One time I wore the same sweatpants every day for two weeks to see if anyone would notice and no one did
...You disgust me 
Literally threw up a little in my mouth
I got pranked involving (unused) condoms. In the process of walking to the trash to throw them away I dropped one in front of the dorm of two friends thinking they'd see it, freak out, realize it was an unused condom and just a dumb prank. Welp one sexually repressed grill apparently took MAJOR offense and it snowballed into a huge deal where she and her roommate were at each others throats for the rest of the semester. I was away for the weekend and had no idea until it was too late. By then I wasn't gonna come clean. I might have ruined a friendship...
Holy shit why were they so mad at each other 
They both needed to get laid but couldn't because their roommate was always there.
One time in middle school when everyone was running to lunch, I stuck my foot out to trip another kid. He was way bigger than me even though he was in 6th grade, and I was in 8th---I was like 4'10 70 lbs or something at that time. He flew pretty far, and when he turned to look at me, I just said "sorry, it was an accident." To this day I am thankful he bought that.  Totally out of character for me. I laugh about it but I also wonder what possessed me to be such an asshole that day.
I dropped a stinkbomb in a HS bully's backpack when we were changing for gym one day. Nothing happened for a few days, then one his books must've hit it with enough pressure to finally pop it. The entire first floor of the school smelled rotten and we got out early that day. He got suspended for 3 days and his books were ruined and he had to pay to replace them. I never told anyone out of fear that I'd get caught. I feel kind of bad about it every now and then, but then I remember how he harassed the autistic kid and how big of a dick he was.
The real takeaway here is he didnt touch his shit for 3 days to discover or pop the stinkbomb
Fucking rekt
I once got a friend to call me and pretend to be my dad saying that he'd had an accident and I had to leave immediately so I could get out of a date with a fat girl
I enjoy cardio at times. 
you sick bastard, get help
My bent row is stronger than my squat 
In eighth grade,  I was in a two person skit for the sixth graders who were going to be coming to the middle school. I forgot my line about half way through and I whispered "Oh fuck" under my breath. It turns out the mics are really sensitive and it echoed through the whole gym. I remember going through the rest of the skit like I was just watching myself from above, not actually in my body.   But that's not all. After the skit, I was talking to the other kid and said something along the lines of "Wow I really fucked that one up" and it turns out that my mic wasn't turned off yet. That time I didn't even whisper it so it echoed through the gym even louder.   It's going to keep me awake tonight. 
Up vote 4 anal 
Tomorrow is a day of reckoning for me.  My grill and I have been changing as we've dated over the last 14 months.  She just told me today she doesn't feel the same and missed what we used to have. She said she hates that I'm into the gym, that I'm in business, and what I'm doing with my life. She feels like we're going separate paths and that if we stay together it will just ruin our lives. We didn't have time to finish the conversation.   She's all I've ever known, I've never been with anyone else except her. She told me she still loves me and doesn't want to give up but tomorrow she's coming over and we're talking through everything.   I know in my gut what has to be done, but I'm still so in love with her. I feel like this will break me.   She's the only person who knows who I truly am and if I lose her, I don't want to open up to anyone ever again.
Be strong. If business and lifting are your future and your interests, and she hates that, then she isn't properly supporting you. Breakups suck, and are always hard, but time heals things rather quickly and there are always other women 
My hamstrings are now making contact with each other while standing normally  But I still have a visible 6-pack while flexing  I don't know how to feel about this
Tomorrow it begins. 3 straight days of lifting with my now-massive little brother that I got into lifting years ago. Pumped to see my family again for the first time in a year and pumped to get brother gains. 
A friend once told me that breakups make bodybuilders. Remember fellas, the weights will never leave you.  Hurts bad now, but holy fuck these gains are going to be legendary
Keep us updated. You're going to be an animal 
Well, the day finally came. I farted on the leg press. There wasn't anyone in my immediate vicinity, but it was loud enough to hear with over ear headphones at almost full volume... I'm praying it just got lost in the clank of weights or something.
Asked that "study date" girl if she wanted to get something to eat this weekend and she never replied. This was 4 days ago. On to the next one 
So I lied about the baby being 3 weeks out and needing a new workout plan yesterday in the training thread. Water broke an hour and a half ago. Wish me luck bros. Friday the 13th a little serial killer aka gains goblin may be born.   Edit. Had my dates mixed up. It's the 14th. Nix that serial killer part. 
But then how do you check your FLS every time you pass a mirror?
Pantera bro 
I should start hiding mirrors. I'd love to see how disgustingly fat I am only once a week. 
Bro. Look up Sue Lightning.
Pantera fo' sho'. Walk could be nice too. 
Pantera. Pantera is always the right choice.
Yea as someone who started lifting because of inspiration from vaillant, i had to consider that when i heard that was his song. 
Shes worth the 50mg of pharma viagra though
Do you really need it on tren
On tren had an Asian tranny stay over. Wasn't as funny as I thought it would've been. Didn't smash. Wasn't smashed either.
Haha i like that idea
Before you know it youll be double teaming trannies daily with big lenny
Just a quick reminder that the greatest bodybuilder of all time had 4 abs, wide hips, and asymmetrical biceps.  Don't let the hand genetics dealt you keep you from striving for greatness.  Get out there and kill it.
What are you talking about? Jason Genova has fantastic genetics.
Humans aren't supposed to eat this much. 
Leave humanity behind.
eating ground turkey for the third time today, still love it tho
Ground turkey is bomb, you can shovel it in your face wayyy faster than sliced turkey
Went to happy hour instead of doing arms today. I am not so happy. All I can think about is the missed pump. On the other hand, I have a legit date on Saturday and am going out with the stripper from the other week tomorrow. Makingit.jpeg?
Boys I honestly am not sure if I enjoy cutting or bulking more these days.   Cutting I wake up feeling lean and it seems like I notice huge differences in what I see in the mirror almost every week. But the feeling of hunger and dick not working really sucks.  Bulking I feel big af at the gym and knowing you are getting stronger is dank. Throw in the bonus libido gains and you feel like a king But I feel like a bloated DYEL with my shirt off and no matter what my scale says I still feel like I am getting fatter.   Bois we might have an eating disorder
There was a guy on here (earlier today? yesterday? don't remember) who said this girl keeps giving him free chipotle burritos. I'm going to just assume you both keep writing about each other in the DD without realizing it and we're watching your relationship blossom.
today i ate 4 eggs buttered toast, coffee, banana, poptart pack, chicken broccoli alfredo dish, 2 packs of cosmic brownies, a double orange chicken and rice plate, and a homemade peanutbutter whey milk smoothie  falling into a deep winter bulk
Fridge is empty, do not want to go to the grocery store  Eating some sweet potatoes and 2.5 cups (dry) lentils for dinner.  Dis gon be gud
Dude boil the lentils at least you silly fuck 
Those shirts look great if you wanna show off your gyno.
Fuck off, stop being me. Lol. Except I'm divorced with two kids. Eep. The 2 year gf thing, I'm just gonna see her from time to time while I smash other grills and get fucking massive on test deca and drol. There's your answer. 
As a grill, I've found that at around 26/27 guys start thinking, "Do I have to spend the rest of my life with this person?" every time they date someone. It's fucking crazy. When I date people my own age I feel like I'm under constant scrutiny and being vetted as potential-future-wife, even though I'm just trying to kick it and not even looking to get wifed up at the moment. Dating has started to feel like being in a months-long job interview and I just end up dumping them after a couple of months when it gets too stressful. All I want is a consistent source of chlamydia-free peen and someone to watch TV with twice a week.  It's way easier to just smash 24-year-old strange whenever you're bored than deal with men in their late 20s/early 30s and their weird marriage anxiety.
Well my gf, who just turned 23, has now drunkenly told 2 members of my family that we're getting married soooo.... the tables have turned.
Hey good for you man. Congrats on your upcoming wedding.
26... 2 years... in too deep...? You know what the average life expectancy is these days, right?
I guess the age doesn't really matter, I meant wayyyy more emphasis on the "living together". "I know we've been living together, and share absolutely everything, but I really just wanna go smash some hoes so we're done here." Eh...  And more of a personal preference thing, but I'm really at a stage where I'm thinking "could I end up with this girl for good?" and that doesn't exactly mesh with "chase and smash hoes" (although there's nothing wrong with that philosophy).
Completely agree. I didn't mean he had to stay with her, I meant he was past the point of breaking up with her because he wants to go bang random sloots lol if she's not right, by all means. But that's why you break up with a girl in college, not when you've been living together for years out of college. Little more serious than that.
Talk about it to her maybe? Just say that you're feeling a bit empty lately.
Currently playing the field for the first time after ending a 3 and a half year relationship. I'm 20 for perspective, but I can say that a relationship does have its perks. You get constant, great sex, someone who actually gives a shit about you and a friend to do cool shit with.   But, I wasn't happy in the relationship and being able to do my own thing is great. I always wanted to experience single life and just going out and getting laid, it's fun. Meeting new people and just cycling through girls is new to me but I'm enjoying it. It's thrown me into some situations that I would never have been in if I was in a relationship.   The only thing that will stop me now is if I find the perfect girl and that's gonna take some time 
Why not spice things up with what you have? Ask her to get dressed up and then surprise her with a nice date. Take her dancing. When a relationship goes stale it's never just one persons fault. And banging other girls is going to feel exciting for about 2 weeks and then you're going to hate chasing and then dealing with the crazy after. 
My honest opinion? You'll never shake the feeling and always regret it if you don't. If things are already stale you really shouldn't marry this girl.  End it as well as you can, it'll suck, take some time for yourself. Smash sloots. Calm down when you find someone you like a lot.
Sounds like it's time to move on, unless you want to settle for a 'meh' relationship.   Whilst "playing the field" might be overrated, staying in an "not bad, but not great" relationship rarely ends in happiness.
I'm younger than you and I've only been in one relationship so don't take my advice as fact but I think it takes a lot to become comfortable with another person to the point where you live together and (somewhat) enjoy life. But if you aren't physically attracted to her (which imo is a factor in a relationship) you can't do much about that. 
Go camping with the boys or something for two weeks. I'll bet that after two weeks you will be longing to see her and just netflix and chill. 
Currently playing the field and getting laid regularly. Would trade happily for a solid relationship. Take that as you will. 
Totally agree. Came out of a 7 year relationship and banging random chicks is so unfulfilling. Being genuinely loved trumps meaningless sex.
oh yea, r/steroids is where I launched it pretty much haha, lots of good feedback from there
Just saw the "up the tren" items. You're a genius
haha yes thanks, I loved that one, wanted to make it bigger but I don't think many people with a life would wear it in public lmao
well I was hoping for a new off topic to launch it in but I'll have to wait, for now it's just a few comments here and in r/steroids. tomorrow I'll leave more comments after I update some designs to sterilize them. I think the first one to sterilize will be the nectar of God's DNA logo, should look fine without the actual trenbolone text haha
Ahh I see, I hope one Springs up for you soon. Have you also tried r/SST? Make a killing there as well... Good idea on "sterilizing" hahaha you're absolutely right. 1) I think it would be cool if you had an "Enhanced" sort of murky reference to gear as line of products, like "Enhanced by Science" or something of the sort. "Better through Science" maybe 2) "Its Awesome Being Strong" or some other adjective, just a douschey counterpart lol 3) Something with a reference to riding bicycles, maybe "Always Riding the Bike" or something to that effect would be funny Those would be my 3 off-the-head ideas while I'm lifting at the moment. Whatcha think?
well for the actual store I'm gonna do the name then enhanced apparel under it?   then for sterilized logos I'll do enhanced performance then the tag line for that compound? yeah I did r/sst too lol. I think most ppl will wait for sterilized stuff, tbh the only crowd I can think of that wouldn't give an F is 20yo college juicers lol
I'd be all over these if they wouldn't get me mad sketchy looks at my gym.  But I respect the effort for sure and if I'm ever in a position where I don't care if people IRL know I use then I'll totally buy some.
Stringers bro...
Where's my free Anadrol tank brah?
Deal. I'll make an Instagram post linking to the website if that happens.
Why is it that when I'm shirtless/wearing a tank, I look tiny and skinny, but when I wear any style or size of T-shirt I look like a fat bloated walrus. What the fuck is this shit. 
Small calves 
Is the 225 bench, 315 squat, 405 deadlift standards for EVERYONE to be out of the beginner stage, or is it relative to bodyweight? 
225x10 is out of the beginner phase
I wrote "re-working" in a work email on my phone, and it autocorrected to "pre-workout". Have I made it?
Damn I just realized me not having a social life is fucking up my game with girls most likely. I legit have zero friends I'm only 19 Didn't go to college after highschool and all my friends moved away or stopped talking to me. So all I do is eat sleep work lift I don't have any gym friends because my gym is pretty dead and my conworkers are much older so I'm kind of fucked. I don't really know how to go about making friends or really know what to do. 
Work/gym/join men's league sports
Damn didn't expect Sergio Oliva jr.'s voice to sound like that haha. A little fruity no disrespect
Does people referring to aas as 'roids' annoy anyone else? I feel like I've been conditoined to dislike that phrasing because the people who most frequently use that terminology are ignorant 
Okay ladies and gents, I work as a lifeguard and swim instructor and am constantly in a bathing suit. I have decent sized legs and I get in and out of the water on a daily basis, so I've got to ask.   How do you deal with the plague on bigger legs, the ungodly chafe? It drives me mental. The guys in the locker room look at me like I'm insane when I complain of needing to lube up. Help. 
Wear jammers instead of trunks? I'm assuming you don't want to go the full speedo, but the chafing is mostly going to be from excess fabric. Otherwise, maybe there's some sort of compression underwear that's made for swimming?
My ex randomly sent me a Facebook friend request after 3 and a half month no contact plus she sent one to a close friend from university whom she never met. What does that mean? If she wants to talk to me she got my number... I think I'm just gonna ignore it. On the other side i went on a great second date yesterday and gonna visit some friends in another city this weekend and party hard. 
It means she has realised you are moving on and wants to remind you she exists. Decline the request and continue as you were.
TFW you've been sick and lost 10 pounds since last friday cause you couldn't eat anything feelsbadman. 
started saving 400 calories for after lifting. Nothing quite like carbs after 1 1/2 hours of lifting and 30 minutes of cardio. Sex
eating popcorn, then gonna have a cup of tea
When you hear someone say they've got a cold, you don't really think anything of it and you'd expect them to be able to work out and stuff.  Well I've got a cold, and fuck me i feel so ill. Not been to the gym since Monday, called in sick to work today. It's absolutely miserable.
Beer gains are a thing right?
I finally caved and bought some lifting straps. It sucks having baby hands boys.
When I started bodybuilding around two and a half years ago, I was a skinny fat guy, I had acceptable legs (soccer) and arms (genetics) but the rest was weak. Now I look much juicier, but still feel like shit because my expectations of a great body changed so much.     I mean I feel huge among mortals, but when I'm in the gym or on Instagram, I feel triggered by dudes much bigger than me. Fucking hell, body dysmorphia is a bitch.      I went from M/L to XL/XXL and had to give up all my clothes from before. And I'm leaner than I was before I started.      Hold me Bros. 
Gotta love never-ending bulking farts and unexpected toilet calls
this is the perfect time to do whatever you can to make her feel wanted. she feels pressure because yall haven't been doing the thing and maybe she feels like the only way your going to want to stay with her is if yall do the thing but she doesn't want to do the thing right now. make her feel wanted bro. she gonna do the thing with you eventually. just jack it to steve until the time cums. 
Accidentally set the safety bars too low when benching alone in a power rack. Having to 'roll of shame' 235lbs off of me and then slither under the safeties is not a fun experience. 0/10 would not reccomend, my stomach still hurts.
Planning my first dnp run looking to run 375mg a day for 2 weeks. I've been eating at a very small deficit after cutting super hard. Hoping after this dnp run this cut will be over at the end of this dnp run will let everyone know how it goes.
Just go with it n dont get attached 
having a pre legs meal right now, kill your fuckin lifts today you sick cunts its time to get hyoooooge
Guys I swear people are always saying absolute bullshit on "how to get big easily" and stuff. This one dude at my school told me that the secret to staying cut while bulking is to eat 30g protein every 3 hours...idk how it's possible that this much fitness pseudoscience exists.
That's 240 grams of protein a day. So I guess if you're already huge af, you at least hit your protein macros for the day. 
These high quality poos are far and away the best part about bulking.
After thinking it was a myth, I went semi-autist the other day. I was checking my mailbox at work when I heard confused sounds by the photocopier. I looked over and saw this smoking hot grill looking perplexed, as well as the large red error light on the machine. So I went over, helped her fix it, and went on my way. DIDN'T EVEN INTRODUCE MYSELF FUCK. She was insanely attractive. And, due to the nature of her job, it might be weeks before she's back again. Fuck.  Also, I accidentally gave myself a papercut on my palm yesterday. Deadlifts should be interesting. 
You are better off not dipping your pen in the company ink anyway TBH.
Having no responsibilities is fun for a while but fuck I feel unproductive.  Sitting around waiting for class to start and for someone to finally reply to a job app/background checks come back is getting old.  Going to the gym whenever is chill, and being able to hit shows and get fucked on random nights is chill but goddamn I hate feeling this unproductive.    Looking for decent work without a degree sucks.  
I need to make some serious changes, 21 year old virgin. I just never approach girls, don't know what to do. Been lifting for 3 years so I'm in alright shape, I can talk to people fine. Just not able to approach girls or make a move.
Have you tried disrobing and busting out some pull ups on the rafters at your local Walmart? 
Well just took my first dnp capsule wish me luck brahs trying to finish this cut strong.
rip
say hi to harambe for us
Harambe and zyzz it's going to be lit
I don't remember asking what your plans were for the weekend 
found the manlet /s
Been studying all day for a chemistry exam tomorrow. Got me feeling emotionally drained 
Taking the new grill to a concert and wedding this weekend. Bulk going well. About to get hella calories.   Trained with a bodybuilder today. I didn't think it would really change what I did, being a physique guy. I'm natty and he isn't, which might not play as big of role as I like to think but his workout destroyed me. His skin was bright red but he didn't even seemed phased. Also might have fucked my wrist up while training with him. Regrardless it was killer.
First time I've gone more than a few days without shaving since I was 17. The facial hair gains were real, but will they be enough? 5 days in, the itch is real. Just want that solid fall stubble
Start 500 test e3 for real facial hair gainz
Goin out to the field for the weekend...  RIP my gains.
Joociest fucking dude is at my gym right now. Fuark I wanna be huge like him. I can barely gain any weight right now because of my adderall, but I'm taking my second measurements this weekend after about a month and a half to see how much I've grown even if the scale hasn't really changed much.
2 snickers bars
Trader Joes has "organic" pumpkin poptarts
I'm an absolute basic bitch for all things pumpkin spice.... 
Usually I workout after my classes on Thursdays. But today I had to pick my grill up from the airport right after so I had to workout between classes.  It was only going to be a 50 minute workout. But it was my lucky day and Brodin blessed me by making my first class end a half hour early so I got to get almost a whole workout in.   It was a damn good leg day. 
So I told my roommate that I like to get to the dining hall at least 4 times a day and the kid responds with "any particular reason?"  U wot m8
if you looked like a bodybuilder he wouldn't have asked
Dexter Jackson is really starting to look old
Had a really good back day. First time lifting heavy in a week since I've been sick. Almost puked at the gym but was still a great workout 
Does anyone one else get night sweats when cutting?  My cut's been pretty mild but very effective, however I've been waking up in the middle of the night overheated and sweating my ass off for the past week or so.  I don't appreciate the interruption to my sleep set. 
Going on my second  week of it,  so you can say I know what I'm talking about
Turning 21 monday. Itching to get myself a nice bicycle...
Watch out though, bicycles and 21st boozing don't mix.
Ohp feels so powerful didn't get my last rep of my last set but I love it. 
Gotta work on my great sayaiman and ginyu force poses 
Took today off because I worked out 4 days in a row hard as fuck and I feel tired.  Not just normal tired but like my body is saying something to me.  Already feel guilty even though I know I'm supposed to rest.
Just needed to vent a bit. I'm at 2.5 years and my lifts go up slow as fuck now, and it feels like cutting just immediately drops me to zero energy where I fail lifts I could do a week ago.  The temptation to hop on dat dere is real, but I don't wanna do it just cause progress is hard. DL is only 430ish I feel like I've got plenty of natty gains left in me.  I'm jonesing for a dirty bulk to break the cycle but I'm already fat mode.  Just kill me familia
First day back lifting in 3 weeks was today due to traveling and being sick holy shit I'm so weak now help
The fact that my left tricep is stronger than my right when it comes to pushdowns but weaker during overhead extensions fucks with my head... Why wont the longhead of my left tricep grow. Fuck.
Why do some people just not make gains?   I studies abroad so I'm back at my home uni for the first time in a  year and so many guys I know work out look exactly the same. Still like 14 inch arms or some shit, and even bigger guys, no one has made gains, I like to tell myself I just have better genetics but I think they just mustn't eat enough protein? 
Hey bros. I watched athleanx his videos on bicep tendonitis and rotator cuff. Do I do the rotator cuff exercises everday or every other day? And do I go up in Weight? Would love to be able to bench without pain
If you actually have tendinitis, you should see a physical therapist
I had elbow tendinitis forever and went to a massage therapist. Took like 3 sessions but he fixed that shit. I still gotta keep stretching to make sure it doesn't come back, but I was pretty impressed
Did 225 on the bench for 10 reps for the first time. Feelsgoodman  My old coworker at the gym told me I was looking bigger and that I was looking lean. Making it...
Wait till you incline that. 
For those of you who have any experience with psychedelics I highly recommend micordosing and hitting the gym. I was on the comedown of a 4-aco-dmt trip and the residual energy and enhanced awareness of my body prompted me to go lift. Fucking amazing. The mind-muscle connection is unreal and I had an amazing arm workout.  I've always had a hard time working triceps but with this I have finally been able to really FEEL them and for the past few weeks have noticed how much better I'm able to work them.  Of course you want to be careful doing this and I would be cautious about consuming your preworkout in addition to the psychedelic but certainly give it a go if you are comfortable with these substances.
I always end up doing a ton of stretching / yoga type shit during trips.  Feels absolutely amazing.  Same idea, absolute control over my body.  I'd be down to try microdosing before a gym sesh.
I feel you on the stretching and yoga it feels damn good. I feel almost primitive and like I'm using my body how it was meant to be felt.
Libido shot on this cut. Did have a new low weigh in this morning, got to take the good with the bad I suppose. 
You could try to easen it by doing a slower cut or switching some of your carbs for more fats if you're au natural.
Never seen anything like that cheap.
i don't know how that app works but is it saying your goal protein is 81g? That seems low unless you are a light female tbh 
Guys who drinks camomile tea? I just learned that it is an AI (?). probably not as strong as real AI but that's what I learned today in bio...   I've been googling but there isn't much, how MUCH of an AI is it- is there a point for a natural guy to take it or will they not see any results regardless.
I feel like it's not gonna make that big of a difference. But tea is good, so drink away. 
I readjust my feet after every heavy rep. I'm not sure why I do it but I end up angling my feet wider and wider after every rep. 
Start with ur feet in that position. Changing position is conducive to failure on doubles or triples
I'd venture the guess that one of your legs is slightly stronger than the other and you favored it when the weight got heavy. 
Your calves are too small to stabilize you   (Kidding) 
Does anyone know he general consensus on how many cans of tuna I can eat a week. It seems like one can a day might kill me. Don't think Mercury gains are very fun
I have been eating can of tuna for breakfast every single day for past 10 years. Never had any problems, and I have never seen anyone ever having problems because of eating too much tuna.
Can a day and you're good brah
3-4 cans of light 2-3 of albacore. Someone a WHILE back (im talking 3-5 years ago I recall reading it when I was younger) posted his story about how he got mercury poisoning from eating 4-5 cans of albacore everyday in high school or something and apparently the symptoms didn't show for months. I dont recall the exact symptoms but when i read them I remember thinking sounds a lot like "overtraining" symptoms. 
hmm...I ate around 5 cans a week for some weeks. Wasn't a problem for me, atleast for what I know
I wouldnt go more than 3  cans of light tuna per week. Generally depends on your height weight and type of tuna I think. 
I call it a refeed but i know its a really bad binge. Seven pieces of cinnamon toast later i felt alright.  Hit the gym for a second session today... Then went and smashed a burger.  Cut is going well.
actually i read somewhere that a medical binge is 10,000 calories. Felt better after that.
That seems like a dumb definition. You'd think it'd be volume, not calories.   What's that, like, 3 cups of olive oil and 10 miles of oatmeal are both equally a binge?
My close friend / ex girlfriend I ended my friendship with yesterday tried pretending like our talk never happened. Good try, although retarded.  I felt pretty depressed about it although mentally I was high fiving myself for not being a bitch. Thought maybe my cut had something to do with it and weighted myself.. down 3 pounds since last week so I definitely need to eat more.  Had 2 blueberry waffles with syrup and felt way better. So yeah this cut is going gud.
It's alright the girl who ended things with me and fucked me up pretty bad and she knew that. Made a joke about it right in front of me to her best friend and laughed about how she "broke my heart". Couldn't belive after she knew she hurt me she would make a joke like that and laugh about it right in front of me. 
I've only been able to lift 2 times since Saturday (legitimate things like school) and while I usually get a super guilty feeling this time I almost feel complacent. Unlike the hungry gods on this sub I'm having a hard fucking time putting on weight and I'm worried that I'm gonna lose motivation and be forever small. Gonna stop being a little bitch and smash leg day, then eat until I feel like puking. Do me all a favor and kill your lifts today bros 
The other day something felt funny while doing bent over lat raises. I do those fuckers with VERY little weight, like 5lbs in each hand for many sets to failure. It wasn't pain, more like something getting really fatigued in my right shouler. At first I thought that my rotator cuff was flaring, and the next day my shoulder area bothered me a little bit. But now, like a couple of weeks after -without no flaring, or pain whatsoever- that shoulder does still bother me when I do ONLY lateral raises with my elbows a little bent. If I do them with my arms completely straight, I don't feel anything weird. Any ideas of what's the deal?
No idea but I get the exact same thing. Potential should impingement maybe? 
But if it's shoulder impingement, why can I only feel it with my elbow bent? A straight arm should be harder on the shoulder. My guess would be something biceps related, but I have been doing all kinds of curls without any issue. I really don't know.
Yeah good point. If you find out will you let me know because its pissing me off haha 
Can't watch videos at work, but I externally rotate. Like, almost thumbs up.
Is there such thing as too much volume? For back day I do Bb row, seated row, underhand row, 1 handed row with dB, lat pull down, 2 rear delts exercises and face pulls. 
Yes and no. At some point when you keep hitting a muscle you get diminishing returns (always will get some return though). You don't want to lift so fatigued that your form is way off because then you'll just injure yourself and hinder progress. Also, food/sleep, etc.
Yes but intensity is also a factor and "too much" depends entirely on the individual's ability to recover before the next training session. If you can do all of that for your back day and be ready to do it all again for the next time, you're good.
What are you training for?  Are you allowing enough time to recover?  How long have you been training high-volume, and what are the results?
How much protein should I be getting when bulking at 2900, as a 19M/68kg/173cm, a calculator gave me 200g, but that seems a bit high, right?
They say around 2.5g/kg of body weight 
I'd do at least 150g from quality sources. 200g isn't necessary as a natural at your stats IMO.
What are your thoughts / personal experience with a PSMF cut?  thinking about doing a week-long one at 800-1000ish cals/day down from  3500-4000 right now.
Keep getting a nasty pain in both my hips when benching, any ideas?
Stretch and foam roll.
Where are your feet placed? 
Double neg
Skinnyfat here, trying to cut more before I bulk. I cant cut anymore to save my life. I use food as a coping mechanism and living at home makes it hard not to dive into shit. I should just stop being a cuck huh?
Honestly, make the switch now. Deciding I was done with my cut was a super hard decision. I hadn't lost as much as I wanted and still felt fat, but for a month my scale was stuck, and I found myself wanting to cheat more and more. But the body tells you when it's time to make the switch. Been on a bulk for about two months now, gonna finish out the year, and then Jan. 1 I'm gonna have the best cut ever, I'm so fucking pumped about it. Until then, it's cloud status for me.  Anyways, ya, sounds like you're ready to make the switch. You'll be amazed how well your next cut goes after a solid bulk.
You should probably stop saying "a cuck"
It took me years of slow progress before I finally honestly admitted to myself that diet is the most important factor in strength training and especially bodybuilding. I'm not going to tell you what to do, but just realize that you will not make much progress until you deal with your inner demons about food. 
What's more important than your body fat percentage or your food crutch, is your usage of the word 'cuck'. 
Ask your doctor if Growacet is right for you
Not gonna lie, when someone mentioned Growacet on here the other day, I thought it was a real drug.
mfw almost googled 
Today at the gym I noticed a ton of fat kids there. These are lifting fat kids so they can pull and push more weight than me. But surprisingly I wasn't jealous at all. Probably because they are fat, they look like shit. They are the DYEL fat kids. Benching 225 on rep, it's better than me, but I can also flex and see my wee muscles. Under decent lighting I have abs. Sure I can't squat 3 plates like them but I can see my dick when I look down, and I'm fine with that. Love yourz. dblplatnofeat.
Step 1. Don't reach basic intermediate goals  Step 2. Look down on others  Good call.
Doesn't seem like you're fine with that bro work all that justifying being weak you just did
don't bring that fucked up mentality to this wonderful place man.. what's wrong with you
Maybe they're powerlifters. Theres no meed to be an ass about it. Many bodybuilders are looked at negatively because of the attitude you just described 
You seem insecure. 
Sadik with that lenny level ab definition
No one has Lenny level ab definition.  
Medal placement posing skills on point though, gotta hide your weak points
Someone needs to milk Potvin 
Seriously man. I liked his physique on his 'rise to fame' and I was happy for him for placing so well at the Olympia, but I'm starting to really fucking hate his physique. He looks like such a troll next to Buendia. He's doing the most generic pose with a cheesy smile while Buendia's basically standing there looking like a god simply defining 'stage confidence'.
Lmao so accurate
Holy Buendia...
Well yeah, and Alex too. They don't have quite the /r/bodybuilding following though.   I wish Carniero in particular found more success. Met him a few times and he's a super nice guy. I know he went off with Nspire but he doesn't say much about it anymore. Glad he's still sponsored by ON at least. 
I chortled
Big changes
Wow Poston really 'aged'
Tren will jack up your face.
I miss the old physique days. Especially 2014
We had an rbb show back when the mods were wav and Justin but that's long gone
no it was before both of them i think
When was that?
Shit like a year ago? Think so
Damn, the OP in that was horribly ignorant to BB when it came to drugs lol. 
Hahaha yo i saw that one. Pretty sure I just joined when this happened
Longer than that man. I've been subbed here for a about 3 years and Mr. /r/bb was pre wav drama.   I remember specifically because a friend of mine was runner up and got robbed.   Fucking politics brah. /s
r/BB should do a legit show, in Las Vegas, so that we can all compete against each other, and take shredded pics together then go feast after comp at some buffet or something 
That would never work. There's maybe 5 people that actually compete, 30 or so that want to compete but are always either bulking or cutting then bulking, and the rest....well the rest dont compete, have no desire to compete, but will judge us on our bodies even though they're DYEL
Is there a class for the latter? If so I'm down
With our own classes too.  I call Classic Mediocre Physique. My main pose will be the side "try to hide your love handles".
There is no way there can't be a Manlet class.
Oh dope I can't wait to compete in Recovering Skelly
I'll.be in gomad class. You can all laugh and point at my stupid belief that it would work, thanks to r fitness. Still trying to lose the bf and just wish there was a pill I could swallow and wake up swole
Dnp kappa 
I know what dnp is but not dnp kappa
Kappa is just a reference to a twitch emote that generally indicates sarcasm or a not-very-subtle and well-intentioned troll attempt
I'll be in the "25 weeks out"-class.
Can we have a dream bulk class? 
Ill sign up.
At least you're strong
well, strength isn't the only thing  you want going for you when you're an aspiring bodybuilder..  it helps, but i would also like to see my muscles you know. Only time i do is when i got a pump, or flex, or else i just look soft.
I'd rather look soft for a few years and just stack on muscle at a good rate and then cut.  I have no desire to be a skinny buff dude.  Mass monster or nothing.
/u/ddddjohn vs /u/dieseltay vs 4 weeks dnp 
I thought it was LGD
Nah that was /u/Doritogoals
I honestly forget at this point. Also forgot to add water bread dude 
u/Dddddjohn and me vs everyone else.  Goob will stand on my shoulders to create Uber physique.
Goro IRL
No /u/ZuesLaser? I may not be a fan of his "natty" claim but damn if I ain't mirin.
Ayy mate just to not I never said I was natty when I wasn't. 
No hate brother, especially not if your not outright denying anymore, but I was definitely around when you were posting show pics and mirin Monday pics claiming natty. Again, no hate, and I'm mirin you harder than anyone else on this sub, but some months ago you were arguing with peeps on it saying your modeling agency would not allow you to do roids because you'd get too big and shit like that haha
Yeah and I was natural when I said all of that homie. Appreciate the love though. I just didn't make a blunt post when I made the transition that's all. I very recently made the jump. 
Idk why but I seem to remember him commenting about his first cycle or two... he claims natty?
No mr anything is for BB only. Not physique pretty boys 
The third non-consecutive non-annual "Reddit Pretty Boy Jr contest for manlets and the DYEL" show, brought to you by Autism Speaks.
Is he owning up nowadays? Props to him if so, good for him.   Used to vehemently deny it, but not in a simple "no" kind of way, in more of an "everyone else at the show talked about how they were juicing, but not me, I'm natty and still won" kind of way
I don't think he denies use anymore, doesn't really openly talk about it though.
That's how it should be. Don't ask, don't tell, but if someone asks, don't answer, and especially not in a way that will make you come off in a poor way. Again, good on him though
We do, /u/Dddddjohn
You're thinking of Mr. Manlet 
Nope..  Mr bulge gains 
a dwarf 
Fak it bb
At least a dwarf makes me think of magical awesomeness. 
The manliest of manlets
Someone nut eating enuf eggz
Shit dude I sent you a snap of my cat also where are the egg snaps I was promised 
Aryanofpeace.
Give me one week to prep
Imagine one day going up to someone in the gym.. 'damn bro, you compete?' .. 'yeah man' .. 'where are you competing?' .. 'im 2 weeks out from Mr. reddit' .. 'fuck, ur hardcore'
They do annual drug tests too, shit is no joke man.
And the winner makes the sidebar lol
DLTBB pls
Id say the sidebar is the current Mr r/bb
I think what you mean is the Mr. O of this sub. Please explain 
What you said.
Mr reddit? Pfft. Shroud. 
To the front page you go
damn i stopped checking that sub and quit the game recently but that was one of my favorite things
This could get interesting 
You can have me if you want
I'd do it
This is doable if you do specific weight classes.
We did before.  I was one of the judges
Grounds for disqualification,  Do you compete in swim trunks?   If yes you are not cut out for it bro 
The kid is what like 26? And he's placing 8th top 3 have over 10 yrs on him. His time will come he has a very bright future and what I like most is he doesn't have a huge ego. Watch his vids and he seems very humble and open to suggestions from his elders
I know he's young, and he did place very well but I like a good under dog story, and I agree in everyone that has met him and in his videos he's super humble and grateful and thats what I like about him.
McCarver ain't no underdog, the guy was brought up in his 20s as one of the next future Mr Olympia contenders. He's just young still.
The ab gap is so unfortunate 
And chest gap is pretty bad too unfortunately 
Yeah its kind of something your eyes are drawn to, but Ronnie had a pretty big ab gap.
His back isn't good enough yet
Yeah that is a weak point.
There was some video post show (whichever show he won this year) of him acknowledging this. 
Its some kind of circlejerk too, since that interview when he flipped out about everyone giving him shit for his back
WE KNOW. Seems like a cool guy after that
Just curious not arguing with you here. But, what exactly is his back missing? As someone who has been a meathead for years but just getting into bodybuilding I think his back is massive. But of course being new I'm not sure what judges look for. Would it be lat width? 
Yeah there is obviously a big difference but I don't think it's because he's not training his back right. I know there are young guys with backs closer to what you see with dex here but dexter has like 20 years on McCarver when it comes to training. I think given a few years that McCarvers back will come around.
 Hes really shredded and big for his age, and to be at the olympia, hes way ahead of his time, his top 5 spot will come within a few years. The only thing he lacks right now from what I see is muscle seperation.. that takes time
I don't think so. Yates I think had the hardest cuts ever. Especially on the back. And he always had them. Being full like heath is just the same as having smashing hard cuts like Yates. You got it or not.....speaking of which.  Aesthetics was levrone. Where did that saviour of ours go?
Like the gentlemen said before his back is a weak point as well.
His chest is bigger then my glutes. 
His chest is bigger then both of my arms.
I'm an idiot.... 
My gym is pretty shit honestly so im jealous of most gyms haha.
Id suck dick to work out at the dragons lair. Full homo 
That good, huh?
as someone born without a pec, this clip hurts to watch
He looks great and has loads of room to improve, but I fear he may never actually take home a Sandow. Think about all of the absolutely insane competitors we've seen come and go who we could all swear would win a Sandow some day, but because of some glaring flaw, McCarver's ab gap for example, never could.  Not hating, just a fear I have whenever people bring up his "future Sandows" because I really do like the dude and only hope for the best for him
That was very well said, I know what you're saying I hope it's not true cause the dude works extremely hard and Ronnie Coleman had a pretty big ab gap and he still took it granted I know that was 13 years ago at the this point and his competition was way different then Dallas but here's hoping he can get at least one.  
This dude knows exactly how hot he is.
I want to upvote you but that 69 upvote counter is making me not to. I'm such a kid.
That's a confident af dude staring at you.
If I looked like him I'd be confident as fuck too, but its hard to be confident through all this self hate and low self esteem.
Yeah... Maybe you wouldn't be as confident as him if you looked like him though. Sounds like it goes a little deeper than that. 
If I had a body like that you'd bet that I'd have something going for me.
For you.
Fuck me..
Starting to question my sexuality right now. Am I mirin hard or turned on? I honestly can't tell.
When you take the hottest cheerleader and point her in the direction of your room
"Just give me the medal already"
The Korean Connor Murphy.
A E S T H E T I C
I love that he's just posing like he doesn't give a fuck.  Face totally chill, much better looking than the guys that look like they're trying to push a massive shit out or want to kill you.
That's the face of confidence.
Resting dick face?
Resting pussy face. 'Cause the pussy just rests on his face 24/7.
Dom?
He should play Jotaro Joestar in the live-action movie. 
How tall is he? Goal physique
He's near 5'10"
Manlet
I'm a super manlet so it doesn't matter to me but if everyone less than 6ft was a manlet, considering the average height for males in just about every country is less than 6', it would mean that there are a hell of a lot more manlets than men...
A lot of manlets in here down voting us.
We are legion.  And you can fit a lot more of us into one place.
Who cares.  You're probably a middle class or broke guy nobody knows about.  You've gotta be really insecure to pick on a guy based on his height..
You think I was being serious? Its a joke, princess. 5'10 is a pretty average height. No need to get your panties in a bunch. 
umm not really.
5'9 is definitely a manlet
Bro haven't you heard? Manlet cut off now stands at 6'5
Thick. Solid. Tight. 
If his lats were just a tad bit larger, that would be my definition of the ideal "classic" physique. Mirin heavy
My thoughts exactly...
Probably because the reason they look different is because he has one leg in front of the other causing more of a crease on his right hip.
he's got thickness in his back but lacks width
Yea lat width isn't there, everything else is on point tho. Great physique.
He may well be the most aesthetic person I have ever seen...
yeah but he only has the upper body
Was expecting Steve, got something even better 
I expected Joffrey because I read your comment. I fully agree.
I was expecting Rich piano square side chest. This one is better
That is visually appealing dude. 
Holy crap he's aesthetic as fuck . Like an Asian juicer version of Steve Cook. 
Implying Steve doesn't juice...
He's just started YouTube in Korean as well. He'll probably be one of the first to get a fitness YouTube channel started out here with a decent following.
I'll ask him. As far as I know it's still in production.
Any english subtitles on his videos?
He deserves a follow. 
Oh very nice. Link to it?
His stage photos look like other pros instagram pics
Looks like asian Shkreli
They have the same facial expressions.
An actual handsome, built non-autist Shkreli.
He's a beauty
Majestic
He does his math homework, then he does your girl
That's ray-sys... but probably true.
Eh let's chill with the racial stereotypes
Kali was right, ramen does work ahaha
Perfect everything, 0 traps.
I think it's because he's flaring his lats.
Serious question for someone just starting to work out.  How long does it take someone to attain this level of development and is this natural or through steroids?
With a few good roid cycles, you could achieve that in 2-3 years. If you go the natty way, you wouldn't be as buff and it would take around 5-7 years. You would have to train at least 4 days a week.
That's kinda what I was thinking, and since I don't really want to be that big, I'm happy going natty.  Appreciate the reply
I wouldn't think he does a lot of tren.  His face doesn't look like it's gonna explode.  Would be interesting to know, though.
Cheers
That's a sexy looking mother fucker right there. That's them superior Asian genetics.
cat
I didn't wanna go there
Hyooge Dong is my favorite aesthetic bb'r
Insider shots from Dragon Ball Z movie?
Tien?   xD
Fantastic. Now, is it just me or the angle, but do his arms looks really short for his body? 
Might be pulling them up and back to keep his lats contracted
Just you.
Now this, is a great physique. Not the IFBB crowned Phil Heath with his enormous gator gutt and lats that look like sandbags and no taper.. 
Damn, basically perfect. His lats are pretty lacking tho. 
His lats are pretty big, just doesn't show from the front.
Ah ok, he doesn't have a lot of back shots so it was a bit difficult to tell, still dude is basically goals lol.
Jacked Asian Martin Shkreli.
No hetero
Can you look like this with PPL program? Sorry guys for the question im not really an expert in lifting lol I've just started
No problem. This person is definitely taking steroids but you can still look amazing without them. And yes, you can achieve great results doing PPL. Just lift consistently, lift with intensity, and eat appropriately for your goals - whether that be gaining size or leaning out.
For the basics like that, it would be good to head to /r/fitness and read their FAQ. It'll tell you all the basics you need to know about dieting and losing weight. Essentially, it all comes down to eating the appropriate amount for your goals and lifting consistently with intensity and purpose. But read the FAQ over there for all the details you need. 
This is what Men's Physique should be in the IFBB
This is probably my ideal physique. Unlikely achievable natty
yea.. unlikely
More like Huge-joong jung
Why is it, that on r/BB, the posts that get the most up-votes are small physique to classic physique guys and not dudes in the open bodybuilding class? I mean lots of comments here that get up-voted are comments saying how IFBB pros look "disgusting" and such, are we not on r/BB?
Wonder why nobody mentioned that his chest is lacking. 
His calves are awesome lol whose calves are you even comparing to??
Damn. He's almost as good looking as me 
hes not dry enough for stage. and he needs to bring his chest up to balance with his shoulders.  but... i look nothing like this, so who am i to judge
i dunno meng, i dont particularly see beef jerky physique as aesthetic
Yeah, so gay, amirite? Or are we going to talk about his height? or the fact that he is Asian? WHICH ONE BOTHERS YOU THE MOST?
What are you going on about? 
Aesthetic is an adjective something cannot be aesthetic. It has an aesthetic comprising its artistic qualities or is aesthetically pleasing. 
Is English not your first language?  "big" is an adjective.. do you think it's improper to say "he is big"?
I was mistaken and meant to say noun. You can replace aesthetic with style and see how ridiculous it sounds. He is very style. Vs. he has a pleasing style or he is stylistically pleasing. 
But aesthetic is also an adjective... It can be both. The most common usage is the adjective form.
Well. It looks like I was wrong and the google example has it used in a sentence like this. For whatever reason it makes my brain think it's wrong though. 
Tfw you look better than Cedric at 19 
Feels good man
Tfw he hadn't touched a weight and only did yoga and drank vegan smoothies at 19
Tfw you're lacking BBC genetics and a cycle to catch up 
A cicle or 10
Just one loooooong cycle
jemacniddle looking starved
should give everyone hope
have you tried taking a bbc?
and you always will be with that attitude.
Freudian slip my b
Ah, when you mean one thing but say your mother 
you see the potential in the top pic of the post in this link 
still ugly eh
Why the long face
Yeah but what about James Arnold at 19 tho?
Cedric the Entertainer at 19
Cedric Mchalfmillion
Cedric who?
Jamac-Nittle
"Cedric J'Macniddle." - Dante Reese
I'm guessing he got into the company after Phil Heath left it
That GH gut is comical. When is he due?
Gh gut? Not a thing.  
Wait it's not? I read here on countless occasions that GH was the cause of big bubble bellies like that. What is the actual cause, if you don't mind me asking?
Typically,  insulin and large amounts of carbohydrates. 
Oh. Interesting. Thanks for the knowledge bomb stranger. Much appreciated. 
No problem. 
He's wearing a fucking tank top. Go back to r/fitness.
Iirc hes like 325 at 6'2. Truly freaky
Grand Pre, everyone abuses preworkout, things get weird
That man is W I D E
Dude doesn't skip back day thats for damn sure.
Delts reminiscent of Markus Ruhl
Jooocy back for sure. Legs are lagging behind quite a bit tho. Also looks a few weeks out instead of days.
I just went by the post date. 4 days before I believe. He has a pre-stage shot on there and I couldn't even recognize him
I meant his conditioning is not so good.
you and I can never agree lol
Not even in the fluffy glutes? cmon
No thats actually what I looked at when you said a few weeks and I saw it. Has some hammy striations but the glutes are the give away. 
Reason i started lifting. Too bad he was probably able to dwarf that if he never got into drugs
Rec drugs like coke you tard
Lmao
Do you think he won't be able to get back to this level?
I think he can. He's still young enough and if he sticks to it why not? 
Probably still can. He isn't even 30 yet I don't think. 
Hes 29.
I think he but I also think he needs to stop going on those dumb "bodybuilding road trips" and just hunker down and train for a year.
well its his life not yours
As someone who went through addiction and rehab, he's probably doing those to be around positive influences and get his mind off of drugs. I'm sure that once he's more comfortable in  his sobriety then he'll settle down a bit and go hard. Life is weird when you first get clean and being around friends (who don't use) is one of the biggest helps.
I hope you're right. 
gifsthatendtoosoon
No glutes even... You know, for science...
Those delts are fucking jooocy
What exactly did he do? He suddenly disappeared a year or two ago and has been on that comeback wagen ever since. 
I'm also curious about this.
A lot of hard partying and rehab a couple times.  He's clean now though for a while  and getting back to business.
This makes me sad.  He was definitely the best personality in bodybuilding.  I sort of got out of the sport over the last 2 years, so I never really noticed him drop off.  I just assumed he was being more private and never looked into it more than that.
He's back. Not as prolific rn but still around and doing stuff on Instagram and shit
He apparently got pretty addicted to drugs and has been in and out of rehab a few times. 
How many years ago would this be?
sick delts and arms kent
God damn goal physique for sure 
unreal delts
Damn, dat dere dbz physique. 
Worlds first v neck tank top? 
I feel like i don't belong in this sub, because i don't want to be that big, like  many others...personally, and I can see how many would find this offensive, but it gives off a super douchy look, that i would hate to have. always having people judge you. i dunno.
So? 
People are always judging you, regardless of how you look.
Personally I don't want to be that big either. Doesn't mean I don't respect the insane physique. Do you see those fookin juicy delts brah?
oh for sure, they look dirty.
Judging people by their hard work negatively makes you a douche bag.  He's a cool guy too so fuck you.  Go stick your dick in a blender.  We need more metal heads with heavy metal cooking shows in bodybuilding.
haha, not sure if you went into /s mode, but you're assuming too much my friend. I said i wouldn't want to look like that, because others would think i was a douche bag. I did not insinuate his work goes without respect, nor that he is a douche bag. props to him for his dedication.
So?
You people love these 'roided out douchebag looking fucks.
And you love to bitch about it constantly, which is pretty fucking weird. Go make a natural bodybuilding subreddit or just get a life.
You have some weird fetishes man....
How high are you right now?
Well the preworkout and NO kicked in so a little...
Huh? 
I bet that baby fires out like a canon
You sure it's not a gallon of gh...
One hell of a subq injection 
Bigger by the day
Baby by the day
At the cellular level
dat mind-cellular connection you gotta develop
The ultimate bulking
Eating for two?
And growing two
Her and Lenny in a porn, I'd watch it. I've watched worse
Yes we need sources. Girl name?
Stacy
You should see her mom. 
Heard she's got it goin on 
She's all I want 
Honestly I've waited for so long 
Double bubble trouble gut bonanza
Drop it down like a belly dancer
looks photoshopped to me...
yah. my guess is we are looking at either Kai's or Phil's gut here.
that's pretty funny to think about
How do you get a gut like that while having bis like these?
Abusing HGH. It causes everything to grow, including internal organs, which is why you have people like her and Big Lenny
Even the persons dick/clit?
Asking for a friend or nah 
Yee
Including the penis, if you inject directly into the foreskin. (It won't)
Tried that, hurt like a bitch
Big Lenny? Did you mean the tom platz of abs?
I know about that. I think slin is even worse.  I just don't get how you can be abusing HGH/slin and probably a lot of other gear along with it to such a degree and still be small af.
No it does not. Or else people wouldnt be able to bring down their guts. Or go from fullblown gut to vacuum like bpak
Food, specifically high amounts of carbohydrates supplemented with exogenous insulin.
Yeah I'm just saying many people don't even consider that using exogenous GH in bodybuilding doses will increase somatostatin to relatively high levels constantly(?) by nature and that it will slow digestion.   Tons of carbs and particularly clean foods high in fiber plus the constant(?) increase in somatostatin is a recipe for distension.   
There's a lot of factors that go into HGH. Palumbo discussed it on his podcast as well. Insulin by nature causes gut distension, and high doses of HGH will cause insulin resistance with necessitates exogenous insulin use.   Also there's a common theory that certain people are genetically predisposed to have more HGH receptors in certain areas than others and it could simply be a genetic intolerance to high doses of HGH.
Being a female body builder is the hardest, more futile job.  Years of disgustingly hard work, and destroying your body, to look like a guy that been working out for three months then gone on a fast.
Savage
nope, would not 
pull out?
Would she let you? She'd probably just do a kegal until you nutted
Well I doubt she's able to get pregnant at this point so I think it's safe.
But she's at least in her third trimester in the OP.
that baby aint loyal...that baby is oil
You never know haha... could you imagine the hormonal swings of a pregnant woman on steroids?  Lmao
That sounds like a nightmare. At least with normal women they're mostly harmless but this bitch could probably hammer toss me through my living room
Dat sideboob tho
Jason is cerifiably retarded.
Pic wouldn't load for me, got a FB error
Lucky bastard
Well thats a first
Oh me oh me oh my
I can never understand what that guy is saying.  
oof
Oh wow that's repulsive
You are repulsive
What does me being repulsive have to do with that thing in the picture? Can't two things be repulsive at the same time?
Yes, can't it? I was just doing the classic reddit joke
Not to be sa-lu-ted.
Reminds me of the aliens from men in black
We've gone full circle 
Big Lenny with a wig
Bubble gut? What about her bubble clit?
Ay problema?
Pretty sure Lui have watched those before
with the amount of roids she on she probs has a dick bigger than you.
That ain't difficult.
full savage.  
WutFace  please don't let this be the trend, also I'm sorry whatever happened to her in prep that left her like that on show day.
Tell me this is shopped. 
Nasty
What causes this?
Its the Human growth hormone in typical steroids nowadays. it causes your internal organs to increase in size. correct me if i'm wrong but last time i checked that was the reason.
Yea none of this is correct
I always thought it was from insulin abuse leading to an increased amount of visceral fat.
palumboism at it's finest
This is probably caused by HGH abuse. It increases muscle size, including your internal organs.
Yes, Lui post is shitpost, steve cock and Clone arnold are goldposts right?
Watch out ur comments m8. You don't slander the one true God here
I have to do forearms somehow. So why not while browsing reddit?
It's not about Lui it's about the content. When there is interesting content it should be posted imo. If it's shopped it can be removed but what makes you sure it is?
Implying muscle maturity is real
Can someone at least produce another picture of this particular competitor with the same gut??
Arnold press superset with lateral raises for a sexy af pump. 
That dude looks like Dom Mazetti's (imaginary) big brother. Or Dom Mazetti's evil clone that ate Dom Mazetti.
really? my first thought was that he looked like Bradley martyn
You mean small Dom, right?
What type of progression scheme do you follow for compounds? For years I have done double progression, but recently switched to wave loading. 
What's wave loading? It sounds fun.
10, 15, 20, 15, 20, 25, 20, 25, 30 etc
  Session        Load               Reps                      1                 110 lbs           8, 8, 8                     2                115 lbs           7, 7, 7                     3                120 lbs           6, 6, 6                     4                110 lbs           6, 6 (deload)     5                115 lbs           8, 8, 8           
Are those sets of days training?
I use AMRAP sets to determine new rep PRs, and then adjust my Training maxes to that value.  If I go more than 4 weeks without a new rep PR, but I've been consistently hitting all my programmed sets/reps, I'll add 5lb to my TM'S as well
Anybody here a fan of Lyle McDonald's Generic Bulking Routine?
Commenting because I want to hear opinions on it too.
I am planning to run this once my cut is done, but my gym is very basic, we lack a leg press and seated calf machine. What do I replace these with? Also are SLDL's replaceable with Romanian deadlifts?
Lyle actually recommends RDLs now in place of SLDL.   You can do front squats or split squats in place of leg press. And in place of the Seated calf raise machine, you can just stack some plates on your thighs and elevate your heels.
What does your training history look like? How long have you been lifting and with which programs? Did you start with a bro-split, full body etc.?
Whole body for about a year  PPL for a couple years  PPL plus accessories for 5-6 years  Whole body again due to time constraints at work for 5 months  PPL again with a lot more volume currently because fuck time constraints, get gains.  If I did it all over again I'd do PPL from the beginning, although I still made great gains anyways since I was very motivated and consistent.
Ok. But do you think the frequency and strength gains you got from starting with a full body has helped you in a long run? I think I'm somewhere between a novice and an intermediate level and don't know if I would benefit more from full body or Upper/Lower.
You'll still get great strength gains with twice a week frequency, and you'll be able to target weak points better with a split.
5 months stronglifts  3-4 months 2-suns 5/3/1  8 months of weightlifting stuff written in 4 week blocks with lots of hypertrophy accessories.   I'm just coming off a block of training stupid, and I've never had more fun in the gym, but it beat me up so much that I probably won't do it again.
have been lifting for over 5 years now consistently.  Have done all sorts of programs from stronglifts 5x5 to PHAT, PHUL, U/L, PPL, bro split, etc.   So far my favorite routines have been 5 or 6 day hybrid splits that focus on heavy compounds and lighter, higher volume accessories.  I've made great strength gains on stronglifts 5x5 and PHUL, but prefer hitting each muscle group 2x/week and once I hit the 1000lb club i was content with my strength.  Now i train more for aesthetics while still trying to increase strength as I can (but not a priority).    I've written my own splits the past 2 years or so now using other routines as a template (PHAT for example).  Currently running a 5 day split that I wrote myself that is a hybrid arnold/ppl that essentially just cuts the 2nd leg day.   
I used to do a lot of running and upper body stuff when I was prepping for the military. Then after I tried doing strength and powerlifting but found it way too boring so I switched to a more bb focused routine maybe... a year or so ago? Did PPL for a little while which I enjoyed and now I've switched to shoulders/arms and chest/back with doing something for legs each day. Really enjoying it so far.
My squat has a lot of issues with hip tightness so I can't go heavy.   Also not a fan of deads as it takes me a while to recover and at the time I was still doing some running (more often than I do now).
Have tight hips/hip flexors. Ive found doing wide leg squats has helped me push more weight and better form. Might not work for you but maybe worth a try? 
I've tried going wider and it still feels uncomfortable, as if I'm a chicken tail bone about to be split. I have found a stance that's comfortable and can hit good depth but just struggle once I go above 225. Could be weak hips as well.
I see. Can I ask how much do you weigh and your lift numbers?
I've actually already got it written up.  I've got 1.5 weeks left of my second run through it, and am just fine tuning some numbers and formatting.
It's pretty different, more well thought out, nearly 2 years more of experience reading about programming, tinkering with my own, running others, reading the latest research, and trying to fit it together into something I enjoy.  It's got a similar layout, lots of sets per lift, 2 programmed lifts per day, AMRAP sets, etc..  But it has 3 week progression, rep ranges instead of requirements, optional sets, etc... to allow for autoregulation  I'm making the best progress I have an ages and loving it.
You should just write a detailed post (like read time 2 days or so) to help plebs like us.  Solid progress dude.
I'm having my first kid in 3 weeks and my gym time will probably be reduced from 6 days to twice a week, maybe 3 if I'm lucky. What type of program should I go in if I can only fit in twice a week?
Thx man. I hope you're right about the time. 
I mean it'll be kinda stressful for a few weeks but you'll settle into a routine pretty quick.  That plus the fact for the first few months they don't do anything besides sleep eat and shit lol
If you can only do 4 days, PHUL is the 4 day version of PPLx2
I'd probably squish PPL so you're splitting leg exercises between the two days?
Upper/lower. But carry over either shoulders or chest to lower body days
I def was thinking of squatting every time I'm in the gym.  I like this layout. Thx for the reply
I'm only a beginner but I found a week gap between each squat session made them feel awkward again so threw in the lighter high rep ones.
whole body, just hit a little of everything every time you can go. Mainly compound movements as well with accessory work supersetted with it.
That's what I was thinking. Either full body every time or upper lower split or some type of 2 day split where I just do whichever day it is when I can. 
Not really answering your main question, but if you have the space and money available, a power rack, bench, barbell, and some plates are an amazing investment for any new parent that lifts.  Being able to train at home means I can still lift 6-7x per week even with a newborn, 2 y.o., and 4 y.o.  Naptime, after bedtime, mornings, weekends, etc.
This is my intention once I graduate this may. 
If you are an intermediate lifter, candito's 6 week program is fucking amazing. I'm starting week three and have seen my calculated maxes rise. 30 lbs on squat, 30 on bench and at least 30 on deadlift. It does pull away from bodybuilding but I think my physique is better looking now than it was 3 weeks ago. It has optional accessory slots for hitting your weak body parts. Completely worth trying if you are intermediate and are seeing your lifts stall out when you hit that mid 200 bench, mid 300 squat, and mid 400 deadlift plateau. 
Dang those excel files are sexy too. Thanks for the suggestion. What accessory lifts are you doing?
I do more than 2 optional accessory lifts tbh.  I try to get in bicep and tricep work. Especially bicep to prevent tennis elbow.  On the upper body days I do barbell OHP instead of dumbell OHP. Finish the other exercises, then do dips, more light shoulder work, tricep extensions, then bicep curls. I agree, The excel sheets are absolutely the sexiest thing ever tho. I originally only started it to prep for a meet. But I'm going to to continue to do this after the meet for sure 
You want his to do only 2 bicep exercises and 2 tricep exercises a week? Lol... I don't know if you know this, but this is a bodybuilding sub. That's some stupid advice. 
I added extra volume on arms because that's my weekpoint (legs as well), forgot to mention it in the post. Of course, I add reps on my sets weekly and after i feel comfortable i up the weights. So far i've added almost 10kg to my bench press and 5kg to my squat. Deadlift stayed the same so far but i'm working on perfecting my form. (Been at this routine for a month so far)
Might wanna be careful with heavy squats the day after deadlifts but see for yourself how you handle it
Yeah my hamstrings complain a bit but once i warm up i'm fine. Until the next day of course..
Was thinking more of your lower back, I had to take a few weeks of earlier this year because of too much accumulated fatigue
Its not too much volume. 
Looks pretty good. If it ends up being too much to recover from, drop some stuff. You're the only one that can really figure out what kind of workload you can handle. 
Cool. I don't really find it hard to recover from if my week runs smoothly. I go to college, work at a part time job, but i never skip a calorie and i'm also getting a good amount of sleep. I'm just worrying i might plateu too fast due to training too much.
Anyone have experience with boring but big? I'm going to try it for a few cycles to get my lifts up. I will be adding accessories too
It does exactly what the name says, gets you bigger in the simplest possible way. Focus on keeping your shoulder blades back and down while benching or you're going to have shoulder pain pretty quickly.
What's the point of behind-the-neck pulldowns?
None really. As far as I can tell, there is no benefit and they dont really hit any muscles to a higher degree than a regulr lat pulldown to the front does.
So one is just putting their rotator cuffs at risk or?
I dont think it's necessarily harmful for your shoulders if done with decent form and your mobility allows you to do it without pain, but some people actually lean forward when they do it which pulls the shoulders back even further and kinda makes me cringe to look at...
Hey,  is 5/3/1 considered an advanced program? According to various strength standards I'm an early intermediate and wondered if it's too much for me. I was thinking about doing accessories after the main lifts ofc.
"Advanced" programs actually feature slower progression than "Intermediate" or "Beginner".  Whatever else 5/3/1 is, it's not too much for you.  Depending on how you program it, it's likely to be too little.
It will work, I used it when I was weak AF and still use it. Only thing is if you are very new the progression might be too slow.
Ok thanks. I'm not very new, been lifting for a year. But I'm not too strong yet.
I'd say early intermediate and beyond, although Wendler says beginners can use it. 
I would not consider it an advanced program by any means. What are you maxes?
5/3/1 would be fine as long as you add enough work to it. Just coming in and doing your 3 sets isn't going to be enough. My personal favourite way to run it is doing the 5/3/1 sets, repeating the first set for an AMRAP, then doing BBB of the other upper/lower body lift. Follow that up with a mountain of back work and whatever hypertrophy you want on there and you've got a solid program.
Yeah I'm doing a row and pull ups for back on upper days. And front squats on deadlift day and RDLs on squat day. Also leg extensions and curls on both lower days.
Give the 531 a shot if it sounds appealing to you and you can tailor it to your liking. I don't personally think one is inherently better than the other as long as you can make it work for you.
It does sound appealing. Actually I started it last week. My upper days are similar except on day 1 I do OHP with 5/3/1 scheme and dumbbell bp for hypertophy. On day 2 I do the opposite. On lower 1 I deadlift and do front squats as an accessory. On lower 2 I squat and do RDL as an accessory.  I also do other stuff ofc, like rows, pull ups and maybe some arm work. And some extensions and leg curls on lower days. I was just thinking if a full body program would be better for my level.
Any tips to grow my lats ?  
Increase your strenght, and master the chin up exercises if you have not.
Straight arm pull-downs with a big wide grip to activate the lats and feel the connection.  Then lots of chin-ups and pull-ups. Then add weight to them slowly and build from there.
Point your elbows forward on D-ring lat pull downs.  Really hits your lats hard. 
Have you ever done straight-arm pulldowns? I think starting off with a heavy pull like weighted pullups, barbell rows, t-bar rows, etc. For 6-8 reps, Throwing aome more volume of whatever through the middle at 8-12 reps and finishing with straight-arm pulldowns at 10-15 reps. Bonus points for finishing with pullups or assisted pullups because your lats are so dead you cant manage a proper pullups. 
mmc, progressive overload
Lots of compound back exercises such as seated rows and lat pulls.
Shoulder volume looks too low.  I love doing shoulders.  I do standing OHP  for 5-8 sets of 4-8 reps (heavy as possible) .  Then 3x10 BTN, then maybe 3 or 4 accessory lifts 4 sets each.    I do chest/back, shoulders, arms, legs, repeat.  It has worked great for me
Wow, thanks.   You don't have to post full routine, but what are the major exercises you do on each day. Especially arm day. Thinking of swapping so that it's C/B, Sh, Arm, L - so I can do Bench on C/B and CGBP on Arm.
Would recommend hitting everything twice a week or at least hitting lagging muscles twice a week. I feel chest and back could use more volume as well as legs. Also to hit abs and calves. Keep in min that when you hit your chest and back, you are also hitting your shoulders and arms hard as secondary muscles. The bulk of your training should be focuses there, on your compound exercises. Isolation exercises like curls and tri pushdowns should be the icing on the cake. In my experience, the trun has to grow for the branches to grow.
I would recommend putting your shoulder day and arm day together. Or increasing the shoulder day's sets like crazy. 18 sets for a session at the gym is pretty sad, you could probably crank that out in 35 minutes.  Same with your leg day, increase the volume. add more exercises, add leg curls, leg extensions etc.  I know you are cutting but keep this in mind for your next bulk
Looks good to me. Maybe switch calves to standing/seated/standing, as standing hit the gastrocnemius (the big juicy part) better.
What does everyone's warmup look like for compound movements?
The bar or 135 atleast 10 rep
My rear delts are lagging insanely hard, what're you favorite exercises for the joocy rear delt pump? Help me bros pls
Reverse peck deck before doing rows/back
Reverse peck deck is amazing, at least for me.  Just pay attention to how much ROM you're getting, I probably don't go past 45 degrees, really helps engage the rear delt and keep me from engaging my traps.
Thanks homie
Could you theoretically run an Upper/Lower 2x per week split indefinitely? I'm looking specifically at Lyle's Generic Bulking Routine. As long as you are deloading using the two week recommended ramp-up, and then progressing via double progression, you could just run the program for years, right? I'd assume eventually weak points would be established, but then you could just address them with a few extra sets per week.
Yes, over time one would want to tailor the program to their needs/preferences. But as long as you keep progressing there's nothing wrong with keeping the same basic template.
Anyone else do isotension(spot applies pressure to escercise)? An old bb er showed it to me at my old gym while doing bench press. Started with 185 10 reps 145 10 reps 95 10 reps 75 lbs  with isotension then bar with ISO tension. Said he did it when he was 250 and worked out at golds in the 70s. The guy was old school wore a fanny pack, yelled at me if I planted my feet in the ground had me have my feet in the air like you see Arnold do in pumping iron when doing flys. "It's a chest exercise not a leg excercise".  The chest workout was isotension bench press. Flys. Then barbell pullovers(barbell touching the ground) Asking cuz I never see anyone else do it except on YouTube vids of ifbb pros and old footage of tom platz. Before I was 5w out I was using it on a lot of exercises so I've  stoped just sticking to basic heavy lifting bc I don't have the energy for it now or see the need for it.  Anyone else have experience with it or recommendations.
Be u bby, be confident. Youz strong
8.5 weeks out from my third show so just contest prep shit. And my newly adopted kitty and puppy.   andredrapiza
ericswagneto
Brennancr86.  Gym, food, kittens.   
kazekarai, I love cooking and lifting, thinking about competing in bikini when I get my shit together 
Pizza4god  Occasional bro food and drunk snaps 
Hey, big fan. Love you 
Sushiaddict69 
toe-kyo
bbr91 for pics of my dog, things I think are funny, and Canadian winter
Taylifts
joeydoyon5...got a few on here already but add me for shenanigans 
Evkevbagev  lifting, jiu-jitsu, and my cat. Probably nightlife stuff too since I'm technically in off season now
Brazenmaiden
mine is Remaine. Expect crazy college snaps
Getting paid tomorrow. Only food left is some popcorn, peanut butter and protein powder. Strange dinner but u gotta do what u gotta do
Wouldn't progression on this only be once a week, making it harder to get your lifts up?
Ah ok haha   I only mentioned the thing about DOMS cause I assumed that since I'm past the point of DOMS doing something like bench the day before push day wouldnt affect me as much as if I wasn't past DOMS yet
Nope, DOMs don't mean anything useful, unfortunately. I wouldn't bench and then do push the next day if I were you.. same reason everyone else was telling you no like you mentioned. I gave you a few options that are close enough to what you're looking for that are safer and will still lead to many gains.
Got some Halo Top ice cream for the first time, and you guys did not exaggerate. This shit is incredible. 
If only it weren't expensive as fuck... 
I just want to say that life is pretty awesome right now. All my lifts are going through the roof. I'm fuller and more vascular than I've ever been. I'm adding lots of quality size while staying pretty lean. Pretty sure I caught the feels for this pretty awesome gal. Stop and enjoy the small things in life. Crush the lifts y'all.
Happy for you bro. Remember to look back in this when you're feeling down in the future. 
I will for sure man. I feel unstoppable right now. 
I'm fucking sick. God dammit today was gonna be pretty cool but instead all I can do is sleep or try to watch something online while half out of it. 
what the fuck is your spotter doing on the squat video hahahah
he has no idea what he's doing man. luckily i didn't really need a spotter cause i had bars
onto the actual form check  135 you came up off your heels, probably because it was light, but try and press through the floor and stay planted.  PR deadlift went up pretty easily and your heels stayed planted, the bar starts really close, try and keep it in the middle of your feet and sink your ass down.  Squat - you should really take a second on the rerack to get setup you kinda just went right into it (indication it might be too heavy?) make sure you keep your heels planted while squatting also 
Yeah my depth was off since it was my first time squatting. Thanks for the tip and being more patient, I never would have thought of that. What did you think of the deadlift?
Don't have much personal experience with sumo but I didn't notice anything wrong
Look at this feet on the form check video.
Onto his toes and upper back isnt tensed. By no means am i trying to discourage OP but Im pretty knit picky when it comes to form on deadlifts lol
Open your legs up and point your feet out on the dl. Watch some form videos on youtube
Dont look so far up on your deadlifts. Keep your spine neutral.   Engage those glutes to finish out the rep too.  Watch a video or two on good form and finishing the rep.
You really need to keep your feet flat on the ground, and push through your heels. You're not using the appropriate muscles if you don't do this.  Since you're doing sumo, start the movement by digging your feet into the ground as if you're trying to split the earth apart underneath you (or push it away from you if your stance isn't that wide). And then follow through by squeeezing your butt to lock it out.
Try to extend your knees and back at the same time. In both videos you extend your knees and then your back in two separate movements.
Saw a woman consistently in my gym for like 1.5 years before I ever said a word to her, and she was really receptive when I finally did talk to her. Over 3 weeks later, I haven't seen her once, of course.   So my point is, if you see a girl you might be interested in, don't wait too long, thinking, "eh maybe next time."
Anyone know any good igs for fit girls who love to show of their ass or girls doing squats? For science you know...
I mean Paige Hathaway is always a solid follow. 
Why is this being downvoted wtf Paige is hot
Can confirm, 1 on the binary scale
That's the same scale that I use wow what a coincidence
It's the only scale that really matters. The only other acceptable one I could see is tertiary, with 1 being "drunk, but not sober". That's about it. Anything else is fluff.
laurendrainfit is a good one.
Holy hell. AND she's involved in the UFC? she needs to give someone else a chance.
Bahkahr Nabieva is the ultimate thirst trapper.
I got a dude's number today and have a tentative deadlift date next week.   Am I making it?   N-no ho-homo. 
is it one of your goals to make it?
Absolutely. I just wish I knew what 'it' was. 
You'll know "it" when you've made "it".
Let my dogs out and watched the peacocks fly away, usual affair. I walk back inside to get my pwo ready, heard an unusual peacock noise. Anyways my yard is littered in the feathers of the one that didn't get away, let this be a lesson and make sure you don't let that last be the the rep that didn't get away.   Kill it. 
Thinking of buying a gun for range shooting and hunting. Looking at the Savage 111 in .308. Grew up on a farm with a 22 and .410 shotgun. Think it's the test cycle that makes me want to get something loud and powerful that isn't a protein fart
I  have an r700 xcr. I love it. V loud
Feeling good as shit guys. Just killed an arm and shoulder workout and weighed myself and I have gained about 6-7lbs since school started August 6th.
Second time that I lose the rubber that covers my earplug, I have just one more left...gotta find out where to buy replacements.  Also am working out with soaked wet socks, feelsbadman.
Which headphones?  Amazon has some and there are a few replacement noise canceling/memory foam type ones out there.
It's JBL's Yurbuds Inspire 300, going to check out those when I get home, I hope they ship to South America.
Any decent gym headphone recommendations? I had a pair of gifted Beats wireless that were good, but broke in my pocket when doing barbell shrugs. And I've been using cheap drugstore earbuds since. My current ones don't like to stay in my head.  Anyone know the brand of headphones Vitruvian Physique wears in his videos?
No problems with them here, they have a US warehouse.  Rocky road was solid, mocha is ok, peanut cookie blows dick, chocolate mint is decent, and strawberry is decent.  Roommate likes the banofee, chocolate banana, and vanilla flavors.
Great to hear. I'll have to give it a go when I start running out. Didn't think I'd even be leaving Animal Whey behind.
Does it mix well?
Yeah, about to down a maltodextrin and whey shake at the moment without any consistency issues.  But seriously, fuck peanut cookie...shit is terrible and I've got another 1.5 lbs to go out of the 4.4 I ordered.  11 lbs of rocky road wasn't any problem though.    No issues with their milk protein (casein) mixing either.
Nice appreciate the feedback. Heck of a deal to pass up. So I'm assuming rocky road is your favorite or at least a pretty good option to get. Another others that you haven't listed above that are your favorite? 
Of the ones I have tried (listed above) rocky road was definitely the best for whey.  I didn't try the basic vanilla or chocolate, but they have pretty good reviews.  I think there's a thread on r/fitness where people reviewed the flavors.  Benefits of a basic chocolate or vanilla would be that you could easily add it to other recipes.
Yes. Some of the flavors are awful tho. Strawberry Cream, Chocolate Nut are pretty good. Banana is horrible. 
How does the chocolate compare to ON Whey?
I'm not sure which chocolate I had but it was very weak. I think Chocolate Smooth was the one 
Been using 11 lbs. chocolate brownie for the past month. Shit tastes just like a brownie in Almond milk.
Almost ran out of breath reading this.
shit sorry if I made you do cardio, shortened it to minimise future catabolism
My body woke me up at 6 to nearly throw up last night... The bulk is going well 
Can anyone from New Orleans give me suggestions on things to check out there (restaurants, bars, fun shit, etc)?
So you have a mutant mass?  
Y'all kill me lol. But yeah pretty much 
Your gains have proliferated, consolidated and has become sentient
Chipotle has Chorizo now. This bulk just got dirty(er)
I saw that last time I went but I ended up getting my usual half chicken half steak. How is it?
I tried it last night and it was okay. I normally get steak and will probably get steak next time I go. 
Very, very fattening but so damn good.
Don't get me wrong, it tastes great. But it doesn't taste like actual chorizo. 
Eh, I thought it did, just wasn't spicy at all which I was kinda expecting
Not really seeing any change from my EC stack. Next cycle i'm gonna try taking it 3 times a day.
You are suppose to take it 3 times a day.
A lot of people only take it twice a day.
bronkaid or ephedrine?
ephedrine
weird dude..bronkaid didnt do much for me but my brother had epedrine and it fucked my shit up (crazy pump, sweating, wasn't hungry basically ever)
I sweat a bit during workouts, and my apatite is pretty much the usual. Might try getting my epedrine  from somewhere else
3 pills every 4 hours, or 3 times a day.
Remembering reading that people should take 2 a day to test their tolerance. 
Thats a whole lotta weight compared to ur size. Just keep on eating man 
Thanks man. The strength gains are real. Wishing the weight gain was as fast.   Really enjoying madcow though. Finishing week 5 today.
Anybody got a dope protein cheesecake recipe?
Thanks fam
Looking for something to use my CnP Strawbloody Cheesecake whey for in this type of recipe.  Stuff tastes awesome but isn't an every day type flavor for me and would be the perfect base for a dessert.
Have you checked the Protein Cheff on youtube? He has TONS.
I've forgotten what it's like to have lower back DOMs. It's hell. 
I always wonder if its doms or i've fucked myself.
Experiencing this right now 
I'll admit to being legit scared for a minute yesterday when I didn't know why I couldn't move right. Then I remembered I maxed on deadlifts and all was sort-of right again.
Maxed out deadlifts on Tuesday, plus took up lap swimming this week for the first time in about 8 years. I feel your pain, literally. 
Same.  I was like 'well my kidneys are failing,  this is the end'
me right now, bods all funked up
How do you cope with losing your abs during a bulk?
What are abs?
Put on your hoodie and hide your power level 'till post cut
I've always had abs until I started lifting. I decided being bigger and stronger with less abs is better than being smaller and weaker with more.
Its ok when everything else looks bigger. I always have feint outline and an adonis belt so its nbd
I tense them in my mirror with perfect lighting and tell myself that being able to just about make out their outline in this scenario means they're there. Also train them on a bulk so I know they're growing under there.
You don't.
By never having them
I just eat 35 eggs a day so I don't have to lift
Oh shit, I knew I was doing something wrong. I've been lifting 35 eggs a day and wondering what the hell everyone was on about. 
Dude I booked my mom a flight once with only her married name, but her passport has only her maiden name (Japan doesn't recognise marriages to foreigners or something, I dunno).  Just went up to the airline counter with her day of flight and was like, "I did a bad." They took a look (had to provide state ID with married name and passport to prove both were real names) and they fixed it for free in like 30 seconds.
It's not like you booked a flight to Cuba with an all inclusive resort for 7 days, and when you got to the airport your passport had expired...
I can assure you this shit happens fairly often with all the internet bookings nowadays. As long as you're not a super sketchy person, I'm sure it'll be fine.
It's been a rough week bros. I think I may go visit family and try to get my mind off things. 
It'll all work out. Family time is good time. 
There's always Valtrex
Every fuckin pair of jeans I get rubs me to shit. I just want huge quads and decent cheap jeans dammit  Thanks to everyone who sugggested jeans, you saved my crotch from further rashes
Welcome to big legs/can't wear normal pants crew
Levi's Commuter Jeans, and Banana Republic Traveler Pants are golden.
Levi's 541 Athletic Fit 
I wear Levi's 559. Still keep wearing out the crotches so need something even better
Wear a kilt. If anyone says something, kick them with those massive legs.
Or tell them you sexually identify as a Scottish, and if he doesn't accept that he should get his pants priviledge checked. 
barbell apparell jeans
He said cheap
cheap is a relative term
541 athletic from Levi's is the best pair of jeans I've worn, try them out.
I really need a bro right now... I used to have tennis elbow. Took a long break, it stopped hurting. The theraband really helped. Been painfree for half a year, now it's fucking back. And it hurts. really fucking bad.  this is depressing, guys... what should i do? can i just keep working out, properly warming up my shit, and grind through it? the pain should go away, right? i used to have pain in my shoulder, did some stretching and rotator cuff exercises, now the pain is gone. and i haven't stopped lifting for one day.  help me. tennis elbow is hell..
No, "Grind through it and hope it goes away" is literally the opposite of how tendon problems work if that's what's actually going on here.
In the short term yes, time off will help. In the long term though, it's just going to keep coming back. Usually it's certain exercises that trigger this kind of thing, and you need to figure out what those are for you.  What overlap in your routine is there between the first time this became a problem and now?
Look out some stretches online. I like one in particular where you hold your arm out straight in front of you, hold your hand up straight, and pull your hand back a bit to get a nice pull up your forearm.  Put your hand down and do the same.  Then flip your arm around, do the same thing.  Aside from that you have to see what lifts bother them the most and avoid them if possible.  For some reason I can't do cable chest flyes for example.  Couldn't do skullcrushers for awhile but I got over that for the most part.
so i don't really have to stop?
let me kiss it better
Nohomo
going to charleston sc for like 5 days..any ideas how to get a free week pass? or even pay for one cheap? My sister lives there wondering if I could just use her address for the free pass lol
Depending on the area need to make sure the gym is 1) accessible and 2) operating.  They did just have a hurricane go through.
When you get to the heavier weights on flat dumbbell bench how exactly do you drop the weights? They're way too heavy to get back to my legs. And when I drop them to my sides it puts stress on my shoulder tendons. 
Tuck in your elbows and do an explosive quarter-rep. Use the momentum to do a sit-up. Dumbbells should naturally fall gently onto your quads. The weight of the dumbbells shouldn't matter as long as you haven't completely failed your rep.  
thanks I'll give this a try
Practice the motion with moderate weights before you try it with a working-set-weight. 
What I do is on my last rep I pull my knees up to my chest and set db on them and push down on db. The weight naturally carries me back to sitting up. Or just drop them bitches from the top and assert dominance. 
The DEA has decided not to ban kratom right now. I'm happy as hell because this means I have time to stock up. The ultimate workout drink. Ya'll don't even know.
What is it and what do you use it for?
Sounds Russian, so I'm gonna say it is actual steroids and methamphetamines.
It's basically a mix of coke, weed, meth, tren, and sugar. You put it up your ass for immediate effect
well I'm sold 
It's a plant from Southeast Asia used to reduce pain and increase motivation. Kind of similiar to Coffee but 10x better. Gives me a sort of euphoria and intensity in the gym no matter how shitty my day was. I buy the powdered form (stay away from extracts) put two tsp in a shaker and go to town. 
Yeah I hear you. I'm just worrying because any drug with withdrawal effects will have you chasing anything with a similar high if you can't get what you've been using for whatever reason (DEA can still decide to make it illegal in the future, right?). 
Yea and that's a very sound reason to not mess with anything to begin with. Personally, that's why I've been helping as much as I can to keep it legal because if Kratom gets banned I won't use anything else. Kratom is extremely manageable for me (2 tsp a day) and I can rotate strains so I don't develop a tolerance. There's nothing else that you can do that with. 
Lets them lift hard despite injuries and pains. Usually starts with prescription meds that they get when they suffer a serious injury. 
Hey it's subjective, sure. But before kratom there were days when I'd have to really force myself to get into the gym. A year with kratom and I have to convince myself to take rest days. It just makes working out so fucking fun.
A lot of opiate users use it to reduce withdrawal symptoms etc.. 
What's your source? I assume that's okay to ask...
Yea its no problem. I buy from happy hippo but I'm looking at other vendors to get better prices on kilos.
Lol, that part still is true, at least i can be 6' sideways? 
The fuck are you on, 35 LBs of lean body mass without putting on any fat doesn't seem achievable in a year unless you're a Belgian Blue cow
Scan report and current body pic?
OP delivered, upvoted
lol you're cuckoo if you think anyone's putting on 35 lbs in a year while reducing their body fat percentage without gear. Shit is bananas.
Lol yeah well even my noob gains from absolute auschwitz mode who could barely curl 10pounds weren't as dramatic. And I was highly doubting steroids before jumping on, probably because of people saying first cycle is deceptive etc
So i was with a grill late night and she asked to rub my back, naturally i obliged. once she got going she told me my back looked like an "upside down triangle". I shit you not i turned around looked into her soul and told her that was the best compliment i ever got and i cant wait to tell my internet friends. even with the autistic internet friends comment she laughed about it
I've been using it for months, 7/10.
Went to the university lifting club meeting tonight and it was bretty fun. They gave a presentation on nutrition, planned a day to invade the school gym for costume lifting shenanigans, and everyone seems really chill and down to Earth. 10/10 will be going again.
Badger Barbell Club has some top tier bbers 
Damn I wish we had that.   We have a powerlifting team that takes themselves way too seriously. It's great if you want to be a competitive powerlifter, but I'm just trying to find a crew of bros to lift and eat with.
I'm in the same situation. Only have a powerlifting team of like 11 dudes. You would think that there would be some other weight lifting club that's more casual in a school of like 36,000 people
Just some grind szn brahs
Wtf that sounds sick. What school?
Wisconsin
La Crosse checking in ayyyyy
Shit how I have I not heard about this until now? UW represent. 
Well there's at least 3 of us in this comment chain
Madison? 
Yessir
Dang I'm in la Crosse 
What schools? Any go to madtown fitness?
Just UW, idk how many go to Madtown but there definitely are some
Holy shit we have a lifting club? How can join?
Look up Badger Barbell Club on FB
Actually lift.   
i just spent a weekend in madison your campus is tight
Alright bbs buckle up crazy shit has happened all this week. First I went on an field trip for uni this past weekend. That shit was so fun. Anyways I made a ton of friends. I just let myself out there. Anyways I met this grill who likes fishing (I was the only one to take my rod)and we went fishing together just us two. We talked a lot about to kinda get to know one another.and man is super cool. Likes fishing, hiking camping outdoors kinda person. Turns out we're in a same class and have a test this week and we've been studying like crazy. I went over to her place and we studied a little but then I got her hooked on stranger things. Well we're suppose to hang out again tomorrow after the test and finish it (I've already seen it). Then Friday we're camping at the beach drinking and fishing. Idk guys I just felt like saying this some where. But man I started my cut hella early bc I'm way too fluffy right now yeah you can guess why. Anyways kill those lifts I love y'all 
Nah. You break up with her and give me her number.   You're welcome. 
Killed my anatomy exam today then went to the gym and had the best upper body session. Cute girl with the big booty and tiny shorts smiled at me when I took the cable tower next to her.    Today was a good day.
Asked a girl out. Cant tell if she said yes for free food or if shes into me. Either way i got chest/delt/quad veins so fuck it im having fun
First date should be a free date. If she's in it for free food she'll bail. 
Anybody else go crazy with weird exercises when it's late and no one's at the gym? Sometimes I end up with like two sets of dumbbells and two benches since I'm not really inhibiting anybody by hogging everything.
I hit a 2-plate dip for 3x8 yesterday, so I got that going for me, which is nice.
Yesterday at the fair I saw a DYEL with a tank top on that said "I got 99 problems but a bench ain't one" I almost informed him it appears that he has 100 problems. 
FWB literally just shows up at my door at 10PM every other day consistently now and my teammate I've been with lifting with is an exercise science major and the coaching he's been giving me is 10/10. Butt wink gone, bench gains going through the roof.  I fucking love college, bros.
LPT - Don't make eye contact with old grey haired dudes in the gym.  They don't fucking stop talking.  Oh my god please shut up I don't give a fuck.
As annoying as they are they usually don't stop talking because they're lonely. When it happens to me I just do my best to hear them out
Alright guys I've been thinking this over in my head a lot and I need your thoughts. If you woke up balls deep in your mom and your dad was balls deep in you, would you thrust forward or pull out?
Dude, lay off the Tren. 
Yo what the fuck? How long were you thinking about this?
Around a month on and off again
There's this guy that goes to my gym who always wears a cutoffs and baggy sweat pants and I never ever see him workout legs, only upper body. He has a good build, but I always assumed wore sweatpants to hide his skinny legs. But, yesterday I saw him wore shorts for the first time and he has the legs of a damn centaur. If I had his legs, I would wear booty shorts all day errday.
Is he short with glasses....asking for a friend 
I thought you were talking about me until you said his legs are actually nice
Skipped leg day for the first time in months bois  Who needs legs when you have lats, right babe?
Why walk when you can fly?
never been this hungover before  fucking kill me boys
Smiled at mine again the other day and when he smiled back I walked away really fast. Killin it. 
Consistency is the most important part.
yup
Same
what does the "g" stand for?
guy/girl friend 
Guy I think.
Yeah thats probably it, thank you
Honest question, who the fuck spells it 'gouch'? It's 'gooch' my man. 
Compression boxer briefs, right?
Usually but today I just had boxers on.
Only when I go straight from pound town to the gym. 
FUCK DUDE SAME PLEASE SOMEONE ANSWER WHY MY ASSHOLE SMELLS LIKE PUSSY
Maybe the pussy you get just smells like shit?
onlything I can think is that our bodies always smelled like this but we were never conscious of it and once we started fucking we started washing those parts more and suddenly realized they smell alike. 
Try using vagisil wipes down there lol 
This isn't even that bad lol, should've seen the DD a few months ago at peak autism. Stories were like this everyday but you gotta love this place 
Dude, you're not supposed to literally swim in pussy. 
ohhhh yes you are
Clearly your body is trying to lure in other bros at the gym by impersonating pussy. 
probably due to the bacteria from her vagina being transferred to you and now growing and living on you. Or yeast or some other microorganism   
What the fuck
In the grand scheme of things 4 months isn't a long time.  Any hope on repairing the relationship? Perhaps a romantic get away can spice things up a bit? 
Or a tren cycle and he's fucking her brains out 24/7
Was stoked to get my 20 free earned burritos to kick off my bulk.  Turns out that eating several-day old refrigerated burritos for a week plus is not as awesome as I had anticipated.  Still better than 35 eggs I guess...
I'm really hitting my legs hard this cut. I'm doing this thing called "walking" instead of my normal segwaying around
Guys... I feel crummy. (This got long and describes weird parent relationship)  I don't respect my parents at all. They're not bad people and they never did anything really wrong. They're just not significant human beings. My mom drinks until she gets loopy (not a funny drunk, the tell you the same story 6 times kind). And my dad just hates himself but can't do anything about it. They kinda gave up on parenting when I was a teenager (spent most nights at a casino) so I ended up doing most my own rearing (cooking, cleaning, I worked so I bought most of my clothes and about half my food) from high school on so I don't even really have bonding.   But they love me. And I feel dutiful to be a loving son when possible. Call. Visit. Make conversation. But it's always so... Insignificant. Our Skype calls usually consist of my dad sitting there mopey, sometimes getting blamed for something by my mom and then getting mopier while my mom just drinks more beer until conversation is painfully repetitive.  Every week.   This week I've been visiting them for my birthday (which is today). I haven't visited them since they moved 3 years ago and they don't have anything so it just felt like the right thing to do. They're so excited having me here and you can see the joy they feel at times. But I'm just here and I literally almost could not care less about any of this trip. I'm trying to be in the moment and be happy with them, but I really just don't care.   I feel bad about it and I don't want them to catch on and feel bad about themselves. 
Just be better than them when you have a kid of your own
Wtf? What's your max on bench?
God damn was she tripping too? That would've been horrible 
That trip must have been terrible for her.
Currently eating rice and chicken while watching a contemplation of Ronnie colemans greatest lifts.   I'm strangely okay wit this. This is me now 
There's an older manlet in my gym who makes so much noise it's unreal. However, today he started making a new noise. Like a squeal almost. Fucking annoying but also makes me laugh mid set.   FUCK YOU.
Taking the GRE in 9 hours. I know it doesn't mean much for the programs I'm applying to but I can't fuck up too bad wish me luck bros
I stopped working out for the last month and became complacent with just sitting at home and playing video games. I've never had an idea of what I wanna do with my life and that thought scares me. I'm getting ready to graduate college with a degree I'm probably not going to use and debt I'm going to have to pay off because I felt forced into going to school. I've been using video games to escape reality and every night I would go to bed and feel as if I was just wasting my life away.   I forced myself to go lift tonight and hit chest really hard. I've not felt this sense of accomplishment in a long time. It felt really satisfying to just pick up something heavy and set it back down. 
Got a shit haircut yesterday, lawd help. Need to get extra joocy pump tonight to distract people
I sprained my ankle a couple weeks ago and I'm starting to think it's a blessing in disguise. My poverty bench has been flying this week despite my diminished leg support, and I'm pretty stoked about it. If you're reading this, I hope you're making progress too, whether it would be a lift or another life goal. 
Anybody see the shitshow of a thread over in Fitness right now about how to get a wide back and shoulders? Few good answers near the top, lots of shit answers.
As I was making my shake today on the scale putting milk 2 scoops of oats whey a banana and then I close the scale before I take a spoonful of peanut butter and putting it in. Was a moment like "Shhh if they don't see it the calories don't count"
Midterm in 7 hours. Desperately need to sleep but still need one last review. Then class and work for another 7 hours, then group project work after. Grad school is interesting, but when it makes me miss lifts I hate it.
Dirty bulking till I can warp spacetime with my gravitation force
Went to the mall to get some gym shorts today saw 2 attractive girls and attempted to talk to them. First girl was walking past me I walked up towards her and said excuse me and she looked up and kept walking alright fuck it whatever. Second girl I was at the food court was going to get a coffe she's standing in front of me the place also sells food I ask is this place good ? And she said I don't know I've never ate here and I said me neither then didn't know what else to say and she just turned around. So at least it wasn't fully autistic and I'm now that I'm actually trying to talk to people I'm sure I'll get better over time wish me luck brahs. 
Just got word I'll be interning in D.C. next semester. Fucking hyped. Anyone in the area know of any good gyms near Dupont Circle? 
How can I tell my friend to stop with the brosience? like its for real so fucking anoying....  He has been lifting for 6 years and still looks shit, tells me I shouldnt do free weights and only machines, he doesnt follow a program, eats like shit, says the dumbest brosience I've ever heard... how do I tell him that he's stupid and should look into some real studies... help pls
Every time he brings something up tell him results don't lie, then poke him in the chest.
Bulk is life. Up 15lbs since July. 10 more by Christmas is the goal. 225 the dream. 
My c4 will be running out soon. Looking to get into hyde, how good is mr hyde?
good if you like stims. I love stims. No real comedown for me, no shaky feeling, no itchy ants under my skin beta-alanine feeling. Just energy and focus baby.
Switched to Tier 1 Plus.  Really big fan, not a bunch of unnecessary shit and the dosages are right.
I definitely prefer it to C4. I didn't feel much from C4, but I think that Hyde gives me just the right amount of energy. 
You become the mad scientist of autism and iron.
If you are used to c4, Hyde will blow you out of the water. 
Hyde is great, Cannibal Ferox gave me similar energy but less jittery. Lately I've been doing half a scoop of Hyde with a whole scoop of Jekyll and it's out of this world.
Yeah the pumps are nuts, and just enough caffeine to feel it without going crazy. For me, sometimes a whole scoop of Hyde gets me hyped but way too unfocused.
oh i just noticed you wrote whole scoop of jekyll, thought I read half scoop of jekyll. Rough morning lol
It's nice, I didn't even have to get a coffee with my PWO like with other brands. Now I mix my own, but that's another story. If you want a brand PWO, go for it. One thing you might want to think about is that DMAA PWOs are becoming legal again (I think) and they will be bangin.
Chaos and pain cannibal ferox, cannibal ferox amped, or cannibal Riot will blow that shit out of the water.
Get Mesomorph. DMAA ALL DAY BABBBBBYYYY
I personally think it's banging, 1 scoop is enough for a good workout (400mg caffeine), and unlike many many other PWO's i dont get this sickness feeling with it, where it feels like i'm about to burp-puke every second.. 
I sure hope that 400mg caffeine is enough for a good workout lmao
Definitely is
Honestly the only time I've gotten that burp-puke feeling is during hiit after weights. 
I'm the only metalhead amongst all my nearby friends and acquaintances. It's a lonely life. Lift metal. Listen to metal. Such is life.
Hey guys,  first meet coming up in 2 weeks. I'll be competing at 165 hopefully. so far got a 345 squat, 355 dl and 240 bench for sure.   On another topic, if I posted my Pendlay rows, could I get a form check? 
Moved to a new city and started going to a golds gym. That place makes all other gyms look DYEL. Also new roommates are the shit, everyone is independent and nice to be around. Also hit 455x5 on deadlift, so lifes pretty good. Now to find a girl who doesnt have daddy issues or completely delusional views on life.
Driving 500 miles in a day blows. TDEE no different than BMR today
I seen my step mom last night for the first time since I started lifting, she said my shoulders and chest are huge. She asked what I've been doing, I told her self loathing and eating everything in sight... Sad thing is I'm not lying. I can't even take a compliment without being autistic. 
Sounds like the beginning of a Brandi Love porno 
Been feeling down lately.  I'm 30 years old and still haven't amounted much to life.  I just got back on Tinder and it's soul crushing.  Being 5'4, 190lbs (for proof, IG is musclemilkbrah), and degreeless (I have an associates in accounting but its trash) isn't attractive to the women I want to date.  Been asking myself on what is the point of life, of lifting, of anything.  If you haven't made it financially by 30, it's a lost cause IMO and you're just wasting time/energy for no reason.  That's how I feel atm about me.
Hey at least you got a new follower
As the others have said, the second best time to plant a seed is right now.   You're a man, an enhanced man at that. So take that motivation you used for training and put it into getting whatever else you want.  I myself am feeling like a failure at 28, especially from the social standpoint, but I am learning, practicing, adapting, with the same drive I had used for fitness until now. 
go back to school, my 55 year old dad just finished getting his masters via online. Join the military, become a cop, become a firefighter, lots of options.  
Quit feeling sorry for yourself and do something about it. Not trying to be a dick, but you need a kick in the ass. Some things in life are more important than your bench press.   Find something you enjoy that can make you money and go work your ass off. Then go work your ass off to have fun doing your hobbies. Then go get some ass when you've gained some confidence in yourself. 
Writer's block has got me fucked up. I used to write music whenever I was bored but now I can't come up with anything. These are sad times for me.
The amount of karma is directly correlated with how autistic you sound.
Took a nuclear shit then hit legs earlier. Today was a good day. 
Went to a different gym yesterday for a leg day and the squat rack was taken. So I started with leg press, wanted to unrack a 55lb plate and dropped it at about upper leg height on my left foot. Finished the last two sets, did some leg curls, extensions and some light upper body work because why not. Doc said it's not broken and I should keep cooling it. Toes are blue but it's getting better. Time for some Netflix and upper body workout later
No one should ever wear shorts like that
Last day of having corporate over my shoulder today. Got an email from one corporate guy praising my work ethic and abilities last night. Get to pick up my guy tomorrow for the weekend. Crushed shoulders last night. Emailed off my starter pics to a potential prep coach. It's gonna be a good day.
doing forearm curls in a bent barbell row position allows for serious ROM, a smooth contraction and less tension on elbows and wrists. really great exercise. been doing it a few weeks now. 
They have different macros so yes assuming the rest of your diet is constant. Also diabeetus.
Fuck ittt 
Gained an inch on my calves over the last month, feelin' gooood.
Argue with myself at least 6 times per day about bulking/ cutting. Currently 175 5'9" with lifts at 365/225/425. Want to join the military in the next year so I don't know if I should just try to maintain at 175 or bulk up to about 190 and try to cut back down.
let go from my job unexpectedly... Blessing and a curse. now I can workout as long as I want... Any job hunting tips though
Easiest way to get rich is start a religion. 
Wo, slow down there L. Ron.
So yesterday I asked a girl to homecoming, got told that she was busy. Then today, she comes up to me and tells me that she still really wants to go to a dance with me, and says that we should go to our winter formal dance, which is in December. I guess I gotta figure out whether or not to actually ask her out before then. Life is confusing. 
Why wouldn't you?
Good point. I'll bring it up at breakfast on Monday, see what she thinks. 
Man was walking around with my sweatshirt at class with a tank underneath and felt good. Took it off and I realized I'm still a DYEL
you have the upper body....etc 
Tuesday i went to max out a 225 squat for about 17 or so, then drop setted to 135. Needless to say i couldnt walk for a bit.   Last night i went to a bar and was dancing for a few hours and i straight up cannot walk
Fawk that why cant people jut be happy when they see other people doing well.
Because they're all fat people who can't dedicate their lives to anything.
Squats back on the menu. Hit 315lb on squat for a single at RPE like 6 beltless. Current weight 146lbs. This is why I missed bulking.
Can I get a spot for my spotter 
Fucked up my back squatting 130 and now I hate myself for being weak AND injuring myself on such a weak lift. Usually I get depressed when I can't lift and start drinking, hoping to drown my sorrows in Halo Top and rotisserie chicken instead this time around. And watching form and mobility videos cause this shit is happening way too frequently. 
It doesn't take much to fuck up your back.   Any little tweak, even with just your body weight, can cause a problem. The back is such a complicated web of bone, muscle, ligament, nerves, bloody supply etc.   It's a wonder it works at all.  Here's a fun fact for you I've learned based on personal experience... once you fuck it up, it gets easier to irritate it and mess it up the next time. Once that happens, it's even easier to throw it out the next.. and the next.. etc.  So make sure it's truly healed, and try to keep it super stable.
Just finished a 130kg squat for 5 reps, weren't too bad, might go for 140kgx5 next time. I know it's nothing impressive but I've only started a proper bulk and started tracking macros 2 weeks ago thanks to Jim. I'm 60kg at the moment.
May be a question for /r/powerlifting but, thoughts on the Inzer Forever Lever belt?
cant go wrong with it. 
I could see them smelling similarly. Like piss to be exact
Migraines suck. I always seem to get them when the weather changes.
Tried low bar squat for the first time yesterday and wow it felt so much better than high bar. Also whenever I cut, I want to bulk and whenever I bulk I want to cut.
I can't believe the shit that comes out of people's mouths sometimes. I had a guy tell my his friend gained 40lb in a year and is lean without taking steroids. I've had a coworker ask me if Ronnie Coleman took steroids as well, at which point I laughed because I thought he was joking. Until I realized he wasn't.
Nothing to say except ITS LEG DAY TOMORROW MOTHERFUCKERS.    Kill your lifts. 
1L of milk every day wtf... how is ur body ok with this. 
It's 6 in the morning and i haven't slept at all, i've just been laying in bed, eyes closed, got up cause i decided why not just do a bit of work if i can't sleep. Usually after a heavy workout i sleep really well. On the bright side, i can start eating earlier today.
getting closer to source of my squatting problem (one hip lower than other), pretty sure it is some tightness in hip/hip flexor along with my ankle mobility. When I point my toes after calve raises the outside of my calve feels really tight- this is what I assume to be poor ankle flexion or dorssiflexion or whatever its called.   Any tips on how to get rid of this tightness? already foam roll and lacross ball my calves entirely along with ass hamstrings and quads and IT band. Is there a trigger point near the calves for that area outside of the lower leg? Thanks. 
Anybody here shred the frozen wave? Just got a new board and I'm dying to get on the mountains. 
I'm trying to take it easy in the gym, now that I'm done with meet prep, but only a week later and I'm back to benching 315 for triples. Luckily I'm sick as a dog, so I've been only lifting twice a week, just so I don't wear my self down to much. 
Been a skinny cunt for far too long. Bulks always gone bad due to not eating too much because of a low appetite. Seems my appetite has started becoming bigger now though, so I'm hoping it will stay that way.   Obviously I know I can just force myself to eat/drink enough to make it, but I'd lose all the pleasure I get from food in the process, which is something I don't want to give up.
Can't wait for foodie Fridays. Created the best, semi macro-friendly, pizza ever. Didn't even have to edit the photos (much) it looked so good    
My back is getting close to feeling back to normal, after I hurt it warming up on squats last Thursday. Currently home on fall break until Sunday, but I can't wait to be back in the gym Monday for the first time in a week and a half. 
Tweaked my back doing a145 lb warm up set for squat today, FML. Pain is about mid way up my back next to my spine, any specific stretches I should do? Hurts to turn at all
Get a biopsy
Listen to the powercast man. He's hilarious
FYI - the creatine is 3.75g creatine per 5g of powder so if you're shooting for that 5g/day just make sure you calculate a little bit more in. Shits so delicious tho. 
Pretty sure my costume is going to be one of the scarier ones this Halloween.   I'm excited. 
So just going as yourself?
4 months ago I was struggling to squat 115kg/253lbs for a triple, and had been plateauing for months. Today I squatted 125kg/275lbs for a moderately difficult 3 reps. Thanks Smolov Jr. Everything is on track to squat 3 plates (metric plates, so 140kg/308lbs) by my next birthday.
When's your next birthday? I just hit 122.5 for 3x5 today.  Wanna race?
Walmart sells Quest bars now... Just throwing that out there.  
You guys weren't kidding about the ZMA dreams.  Never had such fucked up dreams in my life
Pretty neat, huh?
Anybody got tips for planning up study time? I'm doing a bachelor in Mathematics and also taking extra in Economics. The mathematics is no problem, since I usually can plow through exercises. Even though economics is fun and interesting, I have a hard time sitting down reading and taking good notes. Also, I'm not that good at setting up a study schedule. 
/r/GetStudying
There will come a time when you will be too old to continue working with your hands, but you will never be too old to tell people what to do with theirs. Take the officer position and think long-term. Also, your body will last longer as a result which means more lifetime to lift.
I've been doing single leg press on my 2nd lower day of the week. Today I might switch it up and do narrow stance with both legs instead.
Friend of mine told me after leg day on Tuesday that my right leg is visibly larger than my left. It has been my dominant leg my entire life, but the last DEXA I had said my left leg was 1 lb of lean mass heavier.  I don't think I could have possibly reversed that in a single month of work. I do a lot of isolation work on my legs to avoid shit like this. A lot of single leg press, quad extension, and hamstring curls. Anyone have any other suggestions to even this out and keep the gain train going?
While your legs could be unbalanced, DXA body region analysis is extremely dependent on your body position during scanning.  The software has to decide where your legs begin and your trunk ends.  I wouldn't trust that data for symmetry analysis.
Well, I know the "bed" that I lay on is sectioned off based on body region, so I'm thinking since I keep the same position each scan it should be pretty similar, no? Maybe I'm overanalyzing this. I would really like to have a better body symmetry measurement. Any suggestions other than taping myself?
Verify that it actually is bigger with a tape measure. Legs are easy to make look bigger/smaller based on the angle. You could have just had one toe pointing slightly out on your right with the left pointing dead on, they look way different like that.
I'm 6'0 175 and I can bench 225. Why do I still feel like a dyel man child
there's a bunch of guys who look dyel but strong as fuck
Does anyone else here listen to Mind Pump?
wat
wat
at this moment listening to a guy tell his friend that he never trains legs because he doesn't want his legs to be too big to fit into his pants and as long as he can still sprint, his legs are strong enough... 
Mayyyyyyyybe he has his own personal goals. Maybe.
I "KINDA" get him tho.
Took creatine on an empty stomach this morning with my juice.  Never again... The cramping/pain/gas is so bad I'm suffering at work
Monohydrate? I've taken it on an empty stomach mixed with preworkout many times and never had an issue with it.
Got a concussion 4 weeks ago from today. Havent exercised at all in that time until Monday this week. So out of shape, but worse than that, my muscles are so freakin tight. Started limber 11 tonight. Any other suggestions?
Get a lacrosse ball, foam roller and resistance bands. Same guy has an upper body stretch series called Simple Six I think. Get intimate with yourself and find out what body parts are tight. 
What exactly is a natty limit? I'm planning on biking once I reach that limit. How would I measure and calculate my own?
thanks brahs, appreciate it
I firmly believe Bradley Martini is my natty limit, so somewhere around there, just have to gain 4'' in height and about 60lbs,no big deal
FFMI of 25 is a pretty common metric. Just Google around and you'll find a calculator.
Anyone know of a store in LA that stocks the Nike romaleos? I want to buy a pair but I don't wanna go through the hassle of buying a pair online and then having to return them and have to size up or down then wait again.
Just go on amazon bro... but if u need a store Dicks Sporting Goods usually has weight lifting shoes. Dk if they're out west tho
I'm in orange county, but I remember calling places a couple years ago and no one having them in stock. I ended up buying them online, they are probably a half size too big, but no biggie. 
they come in the exact same fit as any other nike shoes. Just go to a store and try on Nike frees or whatever, figure out which size fits you best then order that size online.
Anyone know where to live stream the Sheru Classic?
How do i hit my lats better ?   
Thumbless grip on pulldowns and rows. 
Pull with the elbow, focus on the muscle-mind connection. Sounds spooky I know but it works. 
I agree. I do the same for most muscle groups and focus on the main thing I'm trying to train and I seem to notice it more. 
Which machine do you prefer doing your MISS or LISS cardio on? I've been using the elliptical for awhile, but might switch over to the bike or jog. 
Anybody got a good Spotify playlist? I'm tired of mine and too lazy to make a new one. 
Music preference?
Ecuadoran post-grunge with heavy 80s synth vocals and dystopian lyrics or I won't even hit play fam.
Lifting Straps or Micro Plates. Maybe a tub of Protein Pancakes (Scitek make good coconut ones)
OSO barbell collars ...  love mine.
Do you know what whey he uses? My mom usually gets me a tub for Christmas and even though I'm almost 30 it still makes me super happy 
He's trying a bunch but that could be a good shout. Maybe I'll try find a box of whey samples or something for sale so he can try many, I think he'd like that
The sides are much more common,  but females that aren't as susceptible to sides tend to like winni more. Also it's less often fake, vs anavar which is fake or underdosed a lot.
I've yet to try labmax, but I'd like to. I'm always super skeptical.  I have put two females clients on winni. Both of them loved it, but mind you, they were two individuals that were big fans of var. 
Very interesting. I am a big fan of Var, so by that logic I'd like to at least dip my toe in and see. Winny is cheap enough here (UK) that if I started and found I was uncomfortable with the sides, I could just come off and go back to the Var which I know I can tolerate. 
Continue using Anavar if you have the money for it. It is superior in every way compared to winny. If you jump on winny as a female, side-effects are easier to get (from what I've heard), your shoulders/knee joints will also thank you for not touching winny.
Can't speak much to the virilizing effects on females, but I can say that the joint sides are very dependent on the individual.
W-why would we want to h-hold you???
Don't know what to do in life bros. I really wanna be a successful game maker(working on a simple game for now), also wanna be successful in programming overall and get the certificates for the courses I'm taking, on the other hand I would like to play games professionally even tho I'm not that good. At the end of the day I never try to improve on any of those things, all I do is play games and go to the gym.So the question is how to stop being a lazy cnt and get shit done outside of the gym ?
You wanna go pro in esports the gym and ONE video game are your life. Pick one competitive game you like and that is now your job. Every single aspect of that game needs to be fresh in your mind. Patch notes are your new bible. Min/maxing is your second work out. 
Is he from Newfoundland?
Time to cut?
It's not a cut thing, I'm looking for exercises that can define my forearms.
Fork put downs. Even if you have a ton of forearm muscle it's your body fat that determines how visible it is .
Can I do a PPL slightly modified, PP PP PP L? One leg day a week, hit other body thrice a week? 7 days a week
Whole body is weakpoint, 2 months into gym so far. I have enough of time to recover, bcs the same muscle group gets a day of rest before worked again, right?
Yeah but the same muscle groups don't get worked 2 consecutive days, they get to rest as much as in a full body routine. And the frequency of this routine as opposed to a normal ppl would be 7 days to 6 days, is there much of a difference?
There's more to resting than just the specific muscle groups. A full day of complete rest will do you a lot of good. 
Yes. One example being muscles like your rear deltoids get worked during Pull day and Push day, so they dont get much rest. Also youre putting too much strain on the body by exhausting it every day, and you will find yourself with less energy during the day, so it will be counter-productive
I usually take rest days like once a month and feel fine. But then again, I have been plateaued for a while. Might be time to replan.
Probably, but you'd have to reduce volume quite a bit 
Would I? Can I do any ppl, or does it have to be a 'beginner' ppl? I've done icf for 2 months in november, which is when I will move to a more frequent routine.
You can do whatever you want but I'd advise the standard PPL 
If you want to. Do it. Id stick to a normal ppl tho. Legs are important
Y tho 
I would guess it's going to be a rough few days. You'll want to stay dry for three days so you'll need to sip water enough to stay hydrated but not much beyond that. Eat a normal breakfast like eggs, or a shake. Slowly take in simple carbs that morning like potatoes before your prep. Your macros should be based on how much you need to look full and your personal requirements. 
Saltwater, ice cream, and legumes. Good luck bro. 
Pick one to nail and two to look like trash at
Where are the NY shows?
Competitions?
You don't get it bro
Then enlighten me
Halloween...
Tuff guy eh.
for those who watch his vids. who is the bearded gypsy guy who always thanks him for being muscular? the dude literally has me dying laughing every time he pops up
Is it just me or does that guy have absolutely no triceps?
The best was after Calum talked to him on one vid he said something along the lines of "I still have no idea who that guy is". He seems like an awesome guy that would brighten up anyone's day though
Why would I want to lose mental focus and sexual vitality?
he does that on frank mcgrath's pictures as well haha
That back double bicep to levitation was impressive.
Is there a joke I'm missing here? What does your comment mean?
It's a jason genova reference. Watch his latest vid
That fucker blocked me on Insta and I thought he deleted his account after the Piana incident. I was sad for a little then when I realized what actually happened I couldn't stop laughing. 
Hahaha he's entitled to it bro.   He's such a fatass
I commented once on his Instagram and immediately got blocked. I'm not even mad... That's amazing. It's pissening.  
no thanks
Fuck I haven't watched their vids for awhile lol I'm about to have to catch up on what Janoy is getting into
Weight limit would be around 210 for his height (if I did the math right). Any idea how close he is to that or how much he'd have to lose?
He'd have to lose some muscle for sure. 
In some recent vids he said he's around 230
If he's 6'2 the weight limit is somewhere around 230 or 235.   210 puts him at 511 to 6'. That seems small, right?
I thought he was 6'3? 
I remember reading his stats somewhere and it was around 6'1-6'2.  Google has him listed as 6'2, but Google isn't always accurate. I'd say he's around there though.
I'm about 6'2 or 6'3 and i've met him IRL, I'd say he's 6'2
You honestly don't think he can win some competitions in Australia and go pro in time?
The reason you see OUTRAGEOUSLY more American pros is because more pro cards are given in America, per year, than any other country.  Most other IFBB-affiliate federations hand out 1-2 pro cards PER YEAR, and that's being generous. It is EXTREMELY difficult to obtain a pro card in Canada, for example, and if you're been following Canadian bodybuilding, literally each of of those "candidates" is light years ahead of Calum (not saying Calum is shit, because he's not. I'm saying the competition is not  a joke).
So the weight limits for amateurs are 5lb less than what is shown in that chart?
Correct. 
Cool thanks for the clarification.
Oh you're right. Yeah then it would be much easier for him to at least be eligible to compete. Like you said though we'll have to see what happens
Fuarkk that music
After reading some comments I'm aware that this is not popular, but I'm a fan of his. I feel like he has one of the best physiques around. Maybe not for the classic due to his thick waist, but in general he is one of the most aesthetically pleasing body builders around. 
I wish celltech had no real health risks
it would be pointless he simply doesn't have a good frame.
He has a pretty thick waist, still think this would be sick to see tbh
His chest and arms are right there, he needs to bring up his back width to match Arash and Sadik.
Hes kidding
Awesome physique but I hate his smug face
thats his sexy face, it produces more testosterone while lifting 
you went from meme God to Brazilian massage man that fucks your girlfriend
/r/gta5 is leaking
I see what you were going for
Haha why thank you
Incredible 
I'm 9 days out heading into peak week
Damn if I wasnt busy that day I'd love to come and support. 
bulk/cut Height? Weight?   Dick size?
don't worry his dick hangs lower than the balls. 
That's great and all, but uh, dick size?   (For real though man looking incredible)
He said 6' 1"
Impressive dick size.
Also does the carpet match the drapes?
Yes
Length and girth plz
Don't forget yaw.
or yeet
nipple gains for days. 
The second picture was immediately after fasted cardio, my workout and post cardio. I wasn't holding in as much water and yes I was cold too.
Yeah i noticed that... how the heck
his nipples are soft in one pic and hard in the other. simple as that  seriously
my store recently ran out of tren and jerry's ice cream. can i get some shipped? 
Nah dude he just has well developed obliques. Although imo he should be neglecting them a little bit for the sake of a smaller waist 
That is NOT well developed obliques, that is geneticaly wide hips.
His hips aren't particularly wide. He has wide obliques that also hold more fat on them and also relatively high.  Hips are down just above where he's holding his hand. They are a little wide, but nothing crazy.   And I say this as someone that actually has wide hips for a guy.
I didn't say they were stupd high, but that has nothing to do with oblique development, just his bone and tendon structure.
oh lord. this guy.
I don't know how this got upvoted, his hips are below his obliques...   It isn't wide hips. 
I'm beginning to think people don't know what wide hips refers to
i'm beginning to think that you're a fat cunt who doesn't know how a normal body looks like.
That's helpful
dude if youre going to post a shirtless selfie just own it, dont make that bullshit "LOL IM SO RANDUM" face
What..? 
U/pitchsporkempirium
He probably posted on ig brah
/r/progresspics, if you're not going to post you stats, training, diet, etc when making posts like these. For all the complaining the sub does about this I'm surprised it has over 300 chin-ups.... On that bombshells can we call upvotes chin-ups and downvotes kippings???
Thick, solid, hangry. good work
You should shave bro your beard is terrible 
Honestly I don't really have the time and of course everything will look better come showtime.
Your stripper feature show?
Genuine question for OP, as you've lost fat your nipples seem to have changed as well, are they always like that now that you're at a lower body fat? I only ask cause mine are like yours in the left pic, and I'm probably a little higher body fat 
Yes I did notice that they got smaller, bad genetics I guess...
He's just cold in the right pic. Puffy nips change size based on temperature/if they were pinched or not.
Or if they were frozen in carbonite.
you look like that dude from shameless, jonah? jody?
You have a really nice mid section but your forearms are a bit lacking. 
What does your diet look like? I'm so envious man.
Looking like Jairo about to do some Capoera. 
What type of training do you do? 
Amazing... Natty bro? Just for reality check
Yup
What specific stuff do you do to get cut like that?
A solid diet plans and hard work, I've only had 5 rest days for the 12 weeks of training, 2 of which was because of an illness
Ur so hungry that ur head is eating ur hair
Hot body but shit hair
for?
A lot of conditioner I'm sure
I hope you're joking lmao 
Baby hairs, they never grow in right
What the fuck is on your head
Maybelene?
Lol good try
Tfw 12 weeks is now 16
3 months isn't 16 weeks bro
aw damn you got the shitty autism.
Wait I thought autists were good at math
no, its meth they're good at
he's coached by DJ
Those are some insane proportions. But does his instagram pics seem really shopped to anyone else? Like his arms mostly?
What, really? Was there an accident? 
With the amount and type of food they go onstage with I bet it's not too bad.
Yeah that's true
Legs short af 
and torso long af
Sand negro master race  Edit. Didn't realise this subreddit doesn't appreciate a bit of ethnic appreciation anymore. You guys have changed. I'm unsubscribing.
Fuck off
why the downvotes? You guys racist against arabs?
Because you're using a racial slur that's pretty uncalled for? 
Well this sure did help
I think the black flags mean he supports isis
No offense... why?
Because he's big and aesthetic af?
Why are you here
Come on man. Sure this guy looks great but imo definitely not favourite material.
To each their own.   My favorite physiques all have a super thick waist, which is like having a burn scar on your face around here.
Because he looks aesthetic?
I don't like his physique in this video. Don't know the guy from anything else btw, but his body looks so awkward, as well as the posing. None of the poses are really overwhelmingly good, and imo his execution of the side tri is terrible. Also, I especially dislike the shape of his lats in the bdb. Midsection in fdb looks off, and he fails to fully contract his biceps in fdb but that's of course a detail from just this video.
Looks good, I tend to agree with you on the latter. I think if you puffed chest up and "stretched" your core out it would give you more lat and dramatic proportions. 
Arm and shoulder insertions look very similar to Arnold's in this pose. Awesome 
Welp game over
God damn, your insertions are amazing. Looking freaky
Heil 
Dude what the fuck have you been doing since your show? It looks like you've had 3 years of progress since then. Impressive as hell.
Dropped my natty card so that can chase my pro card lmao thanks man
Still some insane progress even with assistance. Good luck getting that card.
Vacuum picture just looks disturbing wdf. 
I think it's because his core is seriously lacking, so it looks like a 12 year old doing a vacuum
I'm all about the vacuum 
Gonna tag you as Mr.Hoover with that vacuum.
are you flexing your right bicep here?
Holy cow I didn't even recognize you in a new pose lol. Looking good
wtf. Clicked to see powerful imagery. Saw potato
be friendly
Make all kinds of gains.
Am trying hard I swear... you can see my stomach stretch marks kinda in this photo. Not too happy about those. 
You don't like you lift weights brotha.
Lift more and eat more. What's your programming like now?
Honestly, go to /r/fitness and get on a real program. They have plenty of PPLs in their wiki. If you find one you like but it takes a little too long, you may be able to shorten your rest times, or ditch an accessory exercise to save time.   Like the other guy said, sleep more. And lift more. And eat more. That's really all there is to it you won't get Olympia level like that of course, but sleep right, eat right, and lift right, and the difference will be night and day.   Best of luck to ya bro. 
Thanks for the help, guess i should really commit to a bulk, its been on my head for a while but i was scared to get even fatter.
How do you weigh 174 lbs while looking like that? I'm not trying to be rude because I'm a very skinny guy myself (new to lifting and used to eat almost nothing) but I would guess your weight at much lower.
not rude at all, I weigh that cause im fat af
Sleep more, eat more
Wrong pose mate
2 shots at Brad martyn
That Capri-Sun is really working for him 
Yeah cause he looks like he's juicing
Wat?
I think he forgot the /s
For real?   No I don't, and I hope I'm right. 
Why? 
I don't think he would be as funny if he was actually as swole as he pretends to be. A big part of the character is that he talks a lot of shit but can't really back it up.
There's always one person who asks this each time a new Dom video is posted. 
Got a laugh seeing the logo for the band ISIS
That Meatspin.com joke was fucking genius, I wonder how many people fell for it.
Inb4 taken down
We're not r/fitness
A vid was taken down here last time
It probably wasn't gym or workout related, like his "what to wear on the turn up" video.
So? Since when did this become /r/fitness. 
If its got nothing at all to do with /r/bodybuilding then it shouldn't be here. Funny that you mention /r/fitness because that sub is a fucking hellhole if youre looking for any actual discussion.
I like /r/fitness cause there's a fuck ton of people with different relatable knowledge that are super ready to share what they know. But /r/bodybuilding is a lot fewer guys but with a ton more open discussion that's tangentially related to the sport.   Plus, /r/fitness is typically filled with nothing but "2 month transformation" and "my bones sticking out of my leg, can I still squat?" posts and that gets old to look at. 
Dom videos that involve lifting don't get taken down here .
Definitely the worst one so far..
Have the videos been bad lately in general? I slowly started losing interest in the channel ever since the day I watched all 60-70 episodes in one setting a few years ago.
I feel like when he made that music video recently with 3LAU that was the defining "Jump the Shark" moment for me tbh. I've loved the satire and all but that was 2cringe4me
People are downvoting heavily in this thread but I agree. I think the vids have been a lot less funny. I think Dom needs to adjust or else he will fade into obscurity a few years down the line. 
Fucken every time he makes a video someone says "has he not been funny lately?"    Every.  Time.
His Gnarpm videos on his other channel are pretty damn cool 
I used to watch his videos from start to finish.  Now a days, I usually skip through them and close them out before they finish. 
Not sure why you're being downvoted man, the videos are not as funny anymore. There's just not a lot of content left to cover. 
Bodybuilders can be sensitive at times. If this gets downvotes as well then that proves my point.
Seriously, I thought it was funny, but downvoting opinions is just lame.
Yeah I got some laughs but I wasn't on the floor pissing my pants like I usually am with BSL
Dom is getting less and less funny.
Anyone who finds this funny or entertaining needs to kill themselves.
trolltrace.com is about to go live fam
Lol. You ok bro?
Varicose veins will never look aesthetic 
Most of his veins look alright but yeah that left bicep and delt are just riddled with them
If I'm not mistaken his legs are nasty too
He looks like a Gears of War character
Along with Priest, some of the most ridiculous forearms in bodybuilding
He may not be a top pro, or even compete again but franks always going to be my favourite bodybuilder
No idea why you were downvoted for sumply stating an opinion...  But from what I've seen recently he seems to want to compete again
Doesnt even seem like its up to him. Without a spleen im sure its out of his control. As for the downvotes wtv lol, way she goes
I seriously love Frank. Probably the first bodybuilder that i saw that made me say WHAT THE FUCK. Plus his story is amazing, so is his gf.
I know a bit about his but could you elaborate for his gf?
It's because he's married to Marissa isn't it
You mean that 4 foot tall dwarf with a butter face. Yea no thanks
...
What did I say that was inaccurate? 
Have you met her? No then shut up. She is under 5 feet tall, has really stubby legs,  has leg and ass cellulite and her face was plastered with make up. If you haven't seen her in real life I don't need your worthless opinion. Also she has a giant nose.
U seem mad. Remeber to take ur tampon out of ur asshole before u get pegged later.   On a serious note, people like you guve guys a bad name. Sure she has a few flaws, maybe she has cellulite, but so do most women and its not a big deal. Get over urself
Jesus dude you are such a cuck. She isn't hot in the least bit if you see her in real life. Anyone can be made to look good using fucking angles and lighting and tons of make up. This bitch has super short stubby legs and is literally a fucking midget, legally probably with a huge nose. You seem to be really insistent how hot she is without even meeting her.
Well its not because he isnt either
She fine.
couldnt imagine looking like this and having to jump a barbed wire fence and 'snagging' yourself
To me Frank has always had the problem that Calum has. They put on good size, but they just don't have the bellies or seperation to make them look outstanding. 
it's funny how some of his more major veins aren't varicose but some of his minor ones are. You would think it would be the opposite. One of his Cephalic veins isn't varicose on his shoulder but the other (his left) is varicose as fuck. I would love to understand the actual mechanism of this and why it happens sometimes and doesn't others.
What mechanism do you exactly seek? It's not like varicose veins (or just veins in general) are symmetric.
Is this actual vascularity (water depletion/extreme low bf) or just varicose veins? Either way its something that impresses me. 
Some of them are varicose veins but not all, check his left shoulder that is varicose veins.
vascularity is whenever you see veins. at least in bodybuilding, i think it is also used in biology or botany or whatever the study of plants is.  vericose is just when they get all stretched and zig zaggy. from what i understand its what happens when blood pools in the veins instead of continuously flowing.
I realized the other day that I can recognize Frank's forearms but not his face
Probably I'm the only one that doesn't like extremely prominent veins in the arms.
Frank the tank needs a plumber for those pipes because they're clogged
Gold
gurls don't like to see veins, that's exactly why dad bod became popular before it got co-opted by fatties.
girls do like it on forearms, maybe a single prominent bicep vein, but this right here is way too much for most.
I don't care what girls like. I want to look like an erect penis godammit
i dont give a fuck, i want my whole body to look like a hard vascular dick
Get back to /r/fitness. People on this sub don't hit the gym for pussy.
Holy shit you out darked the black dude. What product was this?
It's literally called Dark As... Competition Tan.
That black dude has the upper body of a 12 year old female gymnast and the legs of a fucking Canadian Bob Sledder.
He won the overall. Side chest was his weakest pose but he had a crazy taper and enormous quads
Off topic but your hamstrings look amazing here man. 
I remember telling you that you shouldn't do your own tan. I guess just keep trying until you get it right lol still seems silly as hell to me.
Yep, that was me. But, if you factor in the entry fees, plus the cost of prep.... all that money was wasted because you didn't want to pay for a spray tan. In the end, you lost more money than you saved. That goes for TWO shows now. Maybe you should nail your tanning method during your prep so you know exactly what you're doing on show day. 
lol you're joking right? Darker is better, everyone at the show was complimenting how dark I got and I placed 2nd overall and won the novice class.
Well you can be too dark. In the picture it looks too dark with not enough sheen.  But if you did well, who cares? Good job. 
Thanks man. Same to you
That is crazy dark. I like it. You did a good job with it and congrats on your placing.
Yea, that looks way better. I retract my statement lol I'd still rather pay for the tan, but if you got it down I don't blame you. 
Possible stupid question ahead, but if you did two coats would not be as dark or just uneven looking? I have never competed and know nothing about tanning but you look killer
Third coat may have been overkill but better to be more dark than less. And in general more coats will prevent unevenness though each coat was very even.
What class is this? How's that stuff compare to pro tan? And how long does it last?
Oh and I'm still tan to this day but far lighter than that lol
Short class? It not go by weight? What is the height limit? 
OCB is a tested federation so weight is irrelevant since genetic potential limits you to a certain weight range based on your height. The short/tall designation stems from the amount of competitors and each class is simply grouped in ascending height. I was the tallest in the short class (which is somewhat disadvantageous) at 5'10" but there isn't a height limit, though be really tall makes developing a solid natural physique more difficult.
This was the open short class at OCB Cape Cod Classic last weekend and it's way darker than protan
1)  Left guy (you?) clearly doesn't look like a black guy.  He looks like a white guy with a lot of tan   2)  It looks good but   3)  Looks like the airbrush gives you more "shine".
one of the greatest photos in bodybuilding IMO. Just perfect.
Something out of a Superman comic tbh
Is "benfatto" a nickname he chose? Because in italian it literally means "well done", and I think it matches his body
Gimme those t rex upper arms
Goal physique
too bad that nowadays this type of physique wouldn't even be considered in the top 10 for the big mr O
He'd definitely win classic though. 10x better than Hester
manlet of peace, one of my fav photos for sure
Peace of peace.
Them Italian genes tho, proud 
This is what a classic physique champ should look like
manlet?
I think he was, google says 5' 6", which seems to be the magical manlet number.
Hope you all realize he's not a fake natty, he's posted his steroid logs on fitmisc.
I was curious if the before pic was supposed to be before hopping on
Link please? 
I would love these logs aswell
Lol at his anabolic chicken comments on that pic 
Laughed pretty hard at that
His cycles are really basic , people are taking way more than him and  not getting the same results because this guy eats like a bodybuilder and train hard.   People still don't understand how important is eating to get big ... If you wanna look like zyzz then take tren and dont eat  , if you wanna look like a bodybuilder you gotta eat like one.
You can gain muscle on a deficit if you're new to lifting.  If you eat a surplus on training days and a deficit on non-training days so that at the end of the week you're slightly below maintenance, this is called a body recomp. You'll gain muscle and lose fat but it's a very long process compared to bulk/cut cycles.
There's also a big genetic component in drug response.
Theres also a lot of underdosed chinese garbage
Not really, if you use a reputable lab you're pretty much always going to get what it says on the tin. You pretty much have to be an idiot to get bunk gear nowadays.
bunk and underdosed are not the same thing   every single different vendor of chinese raws gets their shit from the same factory so its fairly luck based on which batch you happen to get    If you inject 100mg/10ml of tren a there is not a single vial you can buy that will actually give you that full 100 mg in 1 cc.     If you aren't getting pharma you are for sure getting underdosed. Its why I don't like the "you don't need that much" crowd, I would rather waste some oil taking extra than not taking enough
Must be nice to have those posh labs so available lol
I'm wellaware. Would you mind sending some of those logs? Would like to see what he ran.
They're literally the first thing that comes up when you google "Johneffer fit misc logs"...
Ah, so link?
His doses have always been moderate. You guys need to remember he was 230-240lbs and strong as fuck before even touching any gear.
I don't remember that because I just heard of him yesterday lol. I certainly believe it, though.    But I saw some people in this thread yesterday saying he probably does a shit ton of gear (more than he'd ever admit) while other people were saying that he doesn't, he just has incredible genetics for putting on size/strength and is a good responder to gear. I'm saying the latter was correct. I know plenty of people who do that much gear who aren't anywhere near his size. It's really impressive.
I helped him plan his first cycle last year when he started using steroids and have been in regular contact with him since and I'm confident he is using exactly what he says he is. He's been training since he was 14 and his dad was a bodybuilder in the 80's so drilled the important things in to him from day 1 as far as training intensity and diet goes.
he went from that skinny to 230-240 natty? and then up to 270 then comp weight around 230 is that correct? all of this in 2 years??  
Kids definitely dedicated and it shows lol
Not even fair, he probably has the money to afford all the toning cream he needs. Bullshit
Seaweed wraps too 
Ain't nothing but a peanut
I lol'd
What the shit is toning cream
Can we get some red lines up in here? 
nips are not loyal
I'd let Johnny John lactate on me.
that boy needs a little letro cleansing 
What looks weird about them? Seemed pretty normal looking to me.
gyno. gains. on. fleek.
Mildly saluted
Even at 16 they looked suspect
He had gyno when he competed as a natty
These nips dont lie
Maybe he was trening them wrong?
This subreddit's comments give me cancer. 
Oh, it gets so much better when a post makes it to /r/all
He literally already posted this himself 
Nips so nice I clicked them twice
Full on Karl Urban to Patton Oswalt
Gear or not, his tranformation is one of the best I've ever seen.  When I see this I wonder how many genetic monsters like him are out there who will never know what they could have achieved.
Manner of speech. I'm saying that the fact you used gear doesn't take away from his insane achievements. It takes a lot more than just tons of gear to get this far this quickly.
I never noticed an asterisk next to Babe Ruth's name at the baseball hall of fame since he was hitting homers before blacks and latinos where allowed to pitch.  The rules are arbitrary. 
As far as I'm aware he's not competing in any drug tested competitions...so you have no point. 
Here's some "food for thought" for you buddy. Who chooses what you can or cannot utilize in order to achieve your physique? What if somebody make a "natural" transformation but they lifted weights to make their gains. Then somebody comes out of the woodwork and says "It's not really fair and thats not natural. I've been working out with only push-ups and body-weight excersizes. Using weights is not a natural way of gaining muscle. Its cheating and using an artificial system to tear your muscles. How is it fair that you can get admiration for your transformation while I could never make the same  gains with body-weight work?"  Do you understand how arbitrary and foolish your argument is? The guy wants an impressive physique and he uses whatever tools that he chooses to impose on his body to get there. Then he posts a picture and we are  impressed because it looks fuckin' cool. There's no need for a referee.There's no need for a rule book to see if he deserves admiration or a impressed reaction. I'm impressed because he looks fuckin' cool. If he didn't look fuckin' cool then I wouldn't have an impressed reaction. It really is that simple buddy. 
I don't care if you're impressed with his physique, nor do I care what people can or cannot utilize to achieve their goal physique, "buddy". My issue was with your suggestion that his use of gear doesn't take away from his achievements, when objectively, we all know that he wouldn't and couldn't look like that without them, so it DOES take away from his achievements. That doesn't mean he doesn't look impressive, and it doesn't mean he didn't work hard. you're completely overlooking my original point. But anyway, you know what they say about arguing on the internet.
He probably used a gym membership. He wouldn't look like that without one. He probably ate food. He wouldn't like like that without it.  He probably drank water. He wouldn't have looked like that without  it. He probably read up on optimal training strategies or used the internet to help him not waste his time.  He wouldn't have looked like that without it. What is your point? If somebody looks up information online on working out does that  take away from their achievements? They should have learned it themselves? Who are  you to make these arbitrary rules of what takes away from someones achievements?
Yeah Ive been watching Johnny John progress from the teen misc to now.  He's insanely dedicated and hard working.
Dude trains like a fucking madman and is dedicated to his goals. Y'all should learn from him, gear or not, he gives me a good reason to lift every time he pops in my IG feed. Keep going man.
Would you normally expect stretch marks after that much growth in that amount of time?
I follow him on instagram and when he adds a story on he has pretty savage stretch marks all over his delts and traps.  He still looks fucking insane though
He's literally busting out of his skin
That's what happens when you leave humanity behind.
I'll be impressed when I see some red lines
Hey you cheating fuck, I could be bigger than you if I used steroids. 
probably 
Nah, love you toothbrah
Is it actually gyno or just some puffy nips?
Is the dude 16 in the first pic?
Yes. 16 to 18
Oh fuck, I was half joking.
Trening hard pays off
Jesus, the people below you in your thread are using both hands and plenty of tongue lol
Let's see you do it then.
Theres always going to be that guy....Congrats buddy. You took it this time.
Agree, but thats not possible in 2 yrs unless without a boost
I'm definitely not saying he's natural haha
Sure, but how many people would not be able to look as good? Genuinely curious if that statement which is often made has any basis.
He's 6'2 with a good skeletal structure, that rules out a pretty decent amount of people without even touching on actual muscle "insertions". I don't think his insertions are particularly amazing but they are at the very least above average. So the people that look better than him in comparison would have to be around his height with a good skeletal structure and better muscle bellies. 
I edited that out, I was having a couple conversations at once and lost track of what I was trying to say. 
Not to mention a large portion of people don't even have what it takes, regardless of genetics, to even eat/train exactly as he did or even close. I guess this is one of the reasons so many people lie about steroid use. Somebody can be natty, half ass train, and eat pizza everyday but when they see somebody on juice with huge results they automatically think "meh if I used gear Id look like that no problem". 
Yes but in the stock trader scenario it would be like a normal person saying "pssh if I was located in New York I could be a major stock trader easily...its just that I'm not located in New York that's the only factor stopping me from being an amazing stock trader". It's a bit of an insult to the top stock trader that had to probably put in so much effort, work and late nights to get to the position he is in for a normie to assume that there is just one factor which if he had he could easily mimick the results of the top guy. 
I don't think there's as many of those people as you think there are.
Look at the comments on this subreddit bro
I think you're confusing what people say. Most people who make comments about juicing are just pointing out the fact that someone's physique isn't possibly attainable without juice, not that they're saying they could do it just with juice or that they didn't also have to eat right and train hard.  It's always a tricky argument because 1) genetics play a huge role 2) regardless of whether you juice, you need to eat right and train hard 3) juicing actually is basically magic for building a physique you want. None of those facts can be denied.
I agree with 1 and 2 but I know way too many guys that pound tren/t3/clen/DNP and tons of other stuff that look like absolute shit. Worse than nattys. If it was magic then they should at least look somewhat decent but they look absolutely terrible. So we'll have to agree to disagree. Perhaps our definitions of magic are different. 
I'd like to see an example of what you mean when you say you know all these people who are roided up and look terrible.  That could mean anything.
Well, what I mean by magic is evident in OP's posted pic and many other online side-by-sides you can find. He has the same genetics in both pics, and yet he went from a normal natty look to beast. I think anyone in the know would agree he wouldn't look anywhere close to what he looks like now without gear. That's what I mean by almost magic like. You can take someone who trains their ass off and eats perfectly for years and looks fine but no where near amazing and then add juice to the mix and get an almost superhuman body. I'm not saying it works the same for everyone, but when it works, it's like magic compared to not having it.
he trains pretty intense and eats just rice,veggies,boiled chicken/turkey srs, he's a beast
He trains hard like a motherfucker, squats 405 for 20 clean reps. Dude is a fucking beast.
405 for 20 holy shit. He definitely trens hard like a motherfucker.
Amazing work ethic and dedication combined with good genetics   Kid looked better natty than people about to comment "uh yeah he's on tren if I was etc..."
man those chest acne scars
Fuuuuckkkk
Teen nationals
It's too dangerous. With all that mass he's probably going to drown...in all that pussy .
His proportions make him look like he should be a manlet. But all the times I talked to him he swore he was 6' or taller.
haha im 6'2 bro 
13 going on 30.. gear edition. That is seriously badass
acne gains
Anyone else get triggered by cheap underwear choice? Like this pic is gonna be around for a while. Wear some nice underwear. 
Is he going to 300 lbs?
Dat anabolic chuken
Please look after your nipples breh
People constantly badger you about the health risks for one.
Mires 
Steroids work. Who knew?
Massive gains, but the trade off is that minefield looking skin. Gross.
its not even that bad lol compared to some people i see irl who are natty 
must suck to have that physique but the gyno is all you can see
You go ahead and do what he did, I fucking guarantee you, you won't even look half as good. He has top tier genetics on top of an insane work ethic, this isn't your run of the mill steroid transformation.
I'm not trying to neglect gear in this transformation, but this is not achievable for most people even at the same doses. Johneffer has really fucking good genetics, and responds well to whatever he is taking. As far as dosing, you should ask /u/DLTBB, he has been guiding him in his anabolic adventures.
For both years?  Would be really interesting to know, however, doubt they would publicly state everything he has taken.
Pretty certain he said something about an old school test-deca-dbol cycle in the first thread about Johneffer on this subreddit, which he posted himself (DLTBB), dunno if it has been taken down.
Lol let's see your two year progress then
Next time i need a reddit self esteem hard on i'll be sure to tag you when i post it honey. 
Diet and steroids. I dont think he works harder than most though. Everyone kills it in the gym, its easy to do. Steroids of course are the main reason his lift numbers are so high, and why he's so defined. Also seems almost pointless starting gear that young. Very shit for his health, though he doesn't seem to care, but in those years where hormones are so high, he couldve made great gains natty and started steds a little later in his life.  He'd still would have made great gains from doing gear later, and wouldn't have completely butt fucked his health by starting at fucking 16. Seems so unnecessary.   Also this guy has the dream of going pro, and its the reason he's doing all of this, but he has admitted to taking gear countless times. Almost comically dumb.
Uh why branch warren
Because he looks grotesque. 
I definitely have wet dreams of Calum
Thanks for the cardio reading
Half-chubbin on dat ass-chest
He's fairly lean all year round, but not ridiculously. Nice mass and shape, but again, nothing ridiculous. Highly active, does some gymnastics-type stuff as well as weights, playing rugby, etc. I have no difficulty believing he's natty.
You squat 480 kg? Holy shit
Yes, world record holder right here.   Zymal from reddit, new official raw squat record holder.
congrats bro, here your medal.
congrats that's an insane amount of weight
I knew it
Is 160 kg squat extremely strong? I'm making it then
for 2 years lifting it's solid
Haha ok maybe over exaggerated with the extremely strong. 160kg is still double bodyweight which is solid 
Idk dude, anyone who gets paid to look good has plenty of incentive to use gear
So?  That doesn't mean that he's on gear lol.
Yea, definitely. Pretty close to the peak of what you can achieve naturally year round, but completely within the realm of reason. 
What the. Is /r/bb congregating here now?
What? lol this is in r/bb 
Good grief. I thought this was /r/nattyorjuice. I was wondering why the contributions were making sense.
Perhaps it is.
Ha your confusion confused me
I was thinking - what is someone who actually lifts and competes and whom I have some kind of respect for doing here?
Ha I went there a couple of times. Everyone's on gear apparently. 
I didn't know I was on until they told me.
I'm a lifetime friend of Adi he is from my home town I went to school with him haha. Very weird seeing him pop-up on my reddit lol. What do you want to know OP? 
does he pack good? 
Preferred brand of cereal
How much pussy he gets?
Idk, just been following his Instagram for a year or two and never seen him on here really. Guess I was wondering natty or not like a few others here
GPA? Girth? 
He doesn't have much size but he's got nice shape and shape is mainly genetics. Still, I'd be surprised if he was natty, people in this business  (fitness modeling) usually are not and for a young guy he's very well developed. I'm guessing little bit of test before all this instagram stuff happened. Really nice physique.
He is an RAF (Royal Air Force) engineer and they do drug test, with a positive result leading to being kicked out, so he could be natty.
Not just like that for anabolic steroids they don't.
The UK armed forces do not test for anabolic steroids,  only recreational drugs.   I'm aware of lots of currently serving members that are on gear. 
Sorry but you are incorrect
So uhh, asking for a friend who's in the military.  U sure brah?  You know, just curious.  For him I mean.
What about the Air Force?  You know, for posterity and all that.
He is 26 years old and been training all his life specifically in the gym around age 14/15
You think he's natty? L O L 
If this isn't achievable natty, then there's no point in lifting at all.
Then quit
Ok
were you never between the ages of 16-25? natty test levels with any type of decent genetics is basically sterons
Not even close you tard 
not at all..
Lol not really
Yea he has extremely good genetics also. He has a younger brother also who is also very much built like him. Not to take anything away from him though he is extremely dedicated to what his does. 
Have you been accused of being a fake natty by anyone here yet?
Lol beulagh were in /r/bb I think you think we're in /r/fitness
So it is. Old age kicks in again...
The consensus is that r/bb would gladly suck his cock
nohomo 
that i would love to have that physique. 
He's got sick tattoos and is gorgeous (no ho..ah fuck it). Isn't crazy big but looks great. Mirin everything about him. 
he is my goal.
Never heard of him but he has an attractive natty-looking physique. Definitely more of a body for the girls than a body for the guys though. 
You say that like it's a bad thing.
how do you pronounce that last name?  "ga-less-pee" or "jiles-pie"
Ga less pee lol
You pronounce it like "gif"
Ideal physique for me, definitely someone who I would consider to be at or close to the natty limit.
he has some nice muscles and is lean and looks good and probably has a lot of followers on instagram?
Fuck that guy is good looking
10/10 Human 
A consensus is when everyone thinks the same thing.  You mean 'opinion'.
Who?
Cookiecutter porn addict its piss
I mean he's an instagram model. His job is to look good to normies and take selfies that get emoji-filled comments. By this sub's standards, he's got more of a "shit on me sunday" than a "mirin' monday" type physique.
pics?
Dyel.
Exactly why I throw out alcohol when cutting. Sucks, but I know the results will be better as a result. 
Switch to lsd,  kills apatite and zero calories and is fun as fuck. Also, it's one of the safest nontoxic drugs you can take.   It's small on blotter paper and can be mailed all around the planet with practically no risk of customs finding it.  And it's cheap as shit. 
Can confirm, tried some this past weekend. Kratom is also a good substitute for alcohol. 
This is the real answer here. If you want to go drink, thats fine, but do it in moderation and if you eat after, be very careful what you eat. Not only is alcohol a poison that first must be dealt with, but everything else waiting to get processed can quickly get processed into the fats category
What about the effect of the chicken kebab you'll eat after dancing at a club for 4 hours non-stop completely shitfaced? And how does that contribute to fat loss and protein synthesis? We need more variables man
6 months ago I would have thought this statement was ridiculous and asked "what the fuck is a kebob?"  Then I moved to Northeast England.  Spot on.  
Parmo gains lad
Should be Donner though for those "unknown" meat gains
Throw yourself some cheesy chips from Munchies on the Bigg Market and you've got a good night 
So I gotta ask now, which gym you workout at?  Mine is too over ran with student unless I go with the missus at 5 am. 
Pure Gym?
Yeah. Awful 
Don't think it will improve, all the big Newcastle accommodations are near by now since they knocked Ricky road down. I'd find somewhere new.
Any suggestions?
I've personally gone to the Newcastle uni gym, much quieter. There's another pure gym down by lane 7 might be better. There's also gold star gym in Heaton.
Don't live round there any more, sadly. Live in Leeds, but I come from South Shields so I've spent many a night in town. When I'm back home I go to Fitness 2000 in Sunderland
come on lads lets go ave a fuckin greasy maccies
Quadruple cheeseburger
Fuck the science life's all about shots and squats.
instant muscle regeneration.
Having done these things in this order, you are both either extremely talented or extremely tolerant.   Also TIFU by squatting drunk.
I've been struggling with drinking the last 3 or 4 years.  One thing I've noticed is that I have many more aches and pains.  Turns out, because out how alcohol alters your sleep patterns, growth hormone release is cut by up to 70 percent.  I haven't drank in 4 days, and the tendonitis I developed in my elbow is already feeling better.
Bill w, the founder of AA, credits lsd for keeping him sober. You should look into lsd instead of booze. 
As someone with depression I'm sometimes amazed at how alcohol and weightlifting are so polar opposites in recovery.
I think this guy is legit 5'3"
i'm legit 5'3 with shoes on 
He has a manlet voice too because of those tiny vocal chords.
I think he does his best to widen them.
Will they ever learn?
So related question then, would it be possible to lower your BAC quicker by exercising lots or otherwise using lots of energy if it takes metabolic priority?
Exercise does - increased breathing and perspiration, two ways your body gets ride of excess booze. But not to a hugely significant degree.
Gotta be a miniscule/negligible amount I'm sure
That I'm not sure of... Anybody got ideas?  
Were those actually lat pulldowns or just some sort of row?
Isn't this the 4th of this exact same post on this sub?
I seen't it
i lost so much gains since i moved out for college lmao. alcohol and gains definitely dont pair well.. but drinking is defintely a lot more fun than lifting.. 
moderation is key, keep the drinking to your days off.   
Just like how other lifters are the only ones who compliment your bench/DL/squat numbers, they're also only ones that will make fun of you for not having satyr-like quads.
exactly. i dont think having big legs is as important as not having skinny legs. when you have a big chest/biceps/shoulders, but no calves or quads, it accentuates the fact that you're working out for superficial reasons and not because you genuinely enjoy the sport.
Oh for sure. But big legs look nice too.
Lol you guys still haven't learned to just wear pants at all times 
Shorts also do the job if long enough, just make sure they don't get hiked up when you sit down.
But then how will I hide my shameful calves?
get a really long shorts. 
Heavy ass leg press did it for me. I did a 10 week training block where leg press was the finisher every squat day. I took a narrower stance closer to the bottom of the platform, this I feel like put more emphasis on the quad.
That's because it does. 
Late to this shit show but it's not so much the closer stance but the lower foot position right?
once a week I do leg extensions, last time I did 4 x 4-8 heavy sets and then 4 x 8-15 light sets with slow negatives.  
Any exercises you do for the outer quad?  It's fookin' joocy.
leg extensions with toes pointed forward
Damn man, how many times per week do you hit legs?
like once a week, kinda neglecting them bc of said injuries and so everything else can catch up
knees and scoliosis which makes me crooked on squats and fucked my lower back several times before I gave up. just doing all the isolation exercises now to compensate
What is the problem with your knees? Is it like a tendonitis? 
Damn buddy, how bad is your scoliosis?
not too bad but visible when I stand as one shoulder is slightly higher than the other, my left side shoulder, lower back and knee are all fucked up from training with it over time so I'm quite restricted in my exercise selection. cant do any of the big compound lifts anymore
thanks man, this give some hope for my quads. i feel them the best doing legs extensions and not so much during squats 
If you like the leg extension machine try fst-7 on it... Wrecks my legs every week
cant handle the lactic acid buildup from fst 7, feel like it sacrifices too much strength as painful/pump inducing as it is
Yh I find my legs are always sooo sore for a few days after when doing these...
Something that makes your legs sore AF and gets your legs blown up...
Really?  It looks like a pretty basic routine.
Doesn't even seem like unusually high volume
juicy
hopefully gonna get real juicy this winter and gain the last 2 inches I want on em
Any tips for these? Single leg, rep ranges or something? I enjoy flexing/holding the flex at the top and really squeezing but I don't think that is particularly useful just a feel good thing. 
finding a machine that allows for huge ROM is most important imo, being able to extend back so much that it stretches the muscle fibers like on db flyes. squeezing at top, slow negative and on warmup sets finger on muscles you want to fire all help, I don't thing reps or sets are important really though I prefer 6-10 reps or lactic acid buildup will end the set before a lack or strength. single leg or not doesnt matter, foot position (tilted inwards/outwards, pointing down/up, legs close together or not) is something to play around with just like on hamstring curls imo but probably doesnt make a difference either
I like to do a triple dropset on these, set of 8-10, drop the pin, usually get 8 on the next set rest for 5 seconds blast out another 3 or 4, drop pin again and do 12. Usually repeat this until I get 6 reps on the first set.
Walking barbell weighted lunges. 5x20 steps. Barbell is better than holding weight in your hands, because it's easier to maintain upright, tight torso - no swinging.
you don't mean "1,1,2,2..." counting but regular counting right?
That is regular counting. A lunge on each leg is one rep. You haven't done two reps if you've done one on your right leg and one on your left.
that may be true, but that's not what OP said. He said 5x20 steps. 
I meant regular counting. You can do 5x40, w/e, just make sure every set is done almost to failure. 
I would guess since he said 5x20 steps, that would be 1,2,3...so 10 reps pr. leg.
yeah, that's what i thought too, but as you can see not everyone agrees
Best thing for me was training for weighlifting. If you look at Olympians, they're just a life support system for a pair of quads, so clearly it's a good way to build them.
Is there anyone but me who just enjoys doing 5x5 or sometimes 6x4 squats, and leg extensions for quads? It works so well for me, and my quads are on fire after every workout. No way I'll be able to add lunges and shit.
I know 5/3/1 is 3 sets. Then some extra accessory lift work. More of a strength program, but stronger you get the bigger the muscle gets. Ya know? 
I do a 4x5, 2x3 with my very very last rep needing assistance and it's done wonders for me. Like I'll do that and then hit leg press for volume right after and the squats destroy my quads and the leg press I do high foot placement and get my hammies and glutes hnnnng feels so good 
That's all I do on squat days. My second leg day I deadlift for my compound exercise, so I'll add in leg press.
Don't sweat the down votes. In almost every thread on this sub someone down votes every comment regardless of content. I notice it a lot in the DD.
Ah alright. 
Originally I got my quads to grow by doing high volume, high intensity, 2x a week. Now I do PPL so on the first leg day I go as heavy as I can, usually 12-10-8-6 rep range. The second time around I go heavy but around 15 reps per set. I'd like to think my legs are decent for my height. Or you can just do squats yah pussy 
I have pretty poverty legs but lately I've been doing legs on MWF schedule with push and pull on T and Th and my quads have been really getting up, after 15 squat sets I do 6 sets of hack squats where you don't lock out and go slow down and pause at the bottom, basically just make every rep a hard one and don't give up for anything. The pump is insane
Was thinking this yesterday. I'm glad that me and the Gf work out at a gym with like 10 squat racks, because our program takes the rack forever. I start deads while she does other stuff(the racks have the platforms), then move to rows while she starts squatting, then she starts deads while I go curl, then I come back and do rackpulls while she goes does other stuff. We basically set up camp for 90 min.
On my leg day I am in the rack for at least an hour.  I ask anyone waiting if they want to work in, and most folks are good with it.
Been dealing with an imbalance in my quads since i started lifting 3,5 years ago. I think the issue is in my feet, I found out that I'm usually pressing from my toes on squats etc (although my heels do stay on the ground). Needless to say, my squat is absolute poverty. I bench more than i squat (3x5 225 easy on bench, barely make that on squat). My right quad is huge compared to the left one, and it doesn't help that the insertions seem to be alot different aswell.  Doing some single leg leg extensions to try and correct but it's a long ass road. Anyone with tips for flat feet/ankle mobility other than stretching calves/foot placement etc, pls help
I used a theraball between my knees on suggestion of physical therapy for my hip imbalance, ofc I had to deload but holding the ball like it is an egg you don't want to break while descending to 90 degrees and ascending, helps to see if one leg is "lagging behind" in the movement.   I steady used this for about 6 weeks , first on every set, then on the first three sets, then on the first two sets, then on just the first set for a cue, (as I felt myself improving) now I don't need it I have the mmc to self correct. Slow but effective imo ime ymmv etc
I have the same problem, stemming from an injury where I broke my left femur and couldn't put any weight on my left leg for almost a year.  I've been focusing on single leg work on bring up the left leg - single leg hamstring curls, leg extensions, leg press, lunges. Been seeing some improvement over the past few months. Hopefully after maybe another year of this, my left leg might be able to reasonably catch up.
Same here. Could be one foot is placed farther forward than the other on squat. Or your favoring on side. Go with a medium heavy weight and try to focus on pushing with your smaller leg. I might just try machine workouts too. Worked for Phil
a lot can be said for increasing your leg strength - wheather it's on squat or leg press - increase your max, and your quads will increase fam
Lol. I like that. "I have tiny legs. I'm going to squat 6pl8 for reps. Then I'll have juicy legs."
I like to plate strip the leg press on my last set. I'll bust out 4x6 on it with 5 pl8s (55s not 45) and then after my last 6reps I'll drop set it by taking a plate off, rep to failure, take anther plate off rep to failure again. Rinse and repeat till you got no plates left to take off aha
Bulgarian split squats
My quads never grew from squats until I dropped the weight and paused just before the top of each rep (I aim for a 3 count) without locking out. 5x10 alternating between front and back squat.
Before I got good at finding out how I best squatted/deadlifted, I first got good at leg press. The difference that high volume leg pressing has made for me has saved me a lot of knee issues over the years.
I really like doing hack squats with my feet low on the platform and really close together.  I feel like it helps me target the outer quads (weak point for me) more
Madcow made my legs explode. So only squats x frequency.
Anyone have suggestions about the sweep? I have a huge teardrop but can't seem to grow my sweep, I've tried closer stance leg press but it doesn't really work
I think going heavy is really beneficial for the quads so I try not to do consecutive quad exercises to maximize the weight I can push.  so ill do 5x5 front squats, seated calf raise, hack squats, standing calf raise,  then close stance leg press
Anyone else experience strain on the knees on the hack squat machine?  I've tried messing around with foot placement but still can't get it quite right.
I do, dropped the exercise as a result. Shame, because I really enjoyed it (when it wasn't painful). 
Same.
There's not much you can do for legs.    Front Squat, Hack Squat, Leg Press, Leg Extentions, and Lunges.    I start heavier 3-5x10, then work my way to 5-15. I used to go heavy now I go high volume.    I can't fit in jeans anymore unless I buy 1 or 2 size bigger because of my legs.
If you have a smith machine that slides up at an angle. Def do barbell hack squats with it at a deficit. Hits my quads harder than front squats even. Don't have that machine at my current gym, but damn that works.   Also had a low back injury so I was limited to leg extension/prone ham curls. Literally the biggest leg pump I have ever gotten. I hate to admit it but it might be the most effective workout for me. Boring as hell though.
Def not regular back squats, I only got small quads and big ass from them. Currently doing a lot of different hack squats and high volume leg extension, almost have legs now.
I split quads and hams up. Worked well but I'd do 5x6 squats  5x40 leg presses  4x10 extensions  3x8 lunges  Straight from Christian coronato on universals YouTube channel. Dudes got massive legs so I think he knows his shit 
How do you guys best target the VMO? 
Heavy leg press, DB Bulgarian or regular split squats, and higher rep leg extensions have worked wonders for me. 
When did it stall? That seems a little bit unsustainanle for a long period of time...
I went from 225x5 to 365x3
Anyone have some outer quad tips? I'm running phul so I can't do some crazy volume shit to hit them super hard. 
6x20 on extensions to begin the leg workout 
That chest is ridiculous, his nips are gonna have rain protection soon
I read "hips" and was a bit confused
That works too really 
Applied dat dere lean cream to his chest
Shit went from Olympia to Meme real quick
when will it be my turn to not see my abs from the thickness of my chest
My moobs help me everyday
like smoked ribs before a dry rub
Extra crispy
Guy looking fully braised. 
Mother fuxker looks like a literal pumpkin.  Man its frEakins spooky and I like it
His TRAPS have feathers in them damn
He could be a threat if just had a decent mid section.
this guy works out at my local gym in West London
What state is that in?
London UK.  
I don't mean this to be derogatory, and I know we're on the 'bodybuilding' subreddit, but he looks like he's either at the VERY TIPPY TOP of natural size or into using roids. Can anyone comment? I love the physique dudes, vs the mass monsters. It's somewhat obvious when someone is going for mass that they're on roids, but the physique dudes, can sometimes blur the boundries.  Is this guy natty?
I figured, it's just hard when you see some of the natty body builders who look great but there is this blurry line between some dudes who take just a little bit o roids and those who have good genetics. Thanks for the info.
Those natty bodybuilders who look great are on gear too
It can be hard to tell when someone has a pump with good lighting and ig filters too, one pic doesn't always tell the whole story
Yeah for real, and I have nothing against anyone wanting to use them. I just know that I'm currently not, and have no plans to, and as such am constantly wondering whats the best I can look. Sad because the ideal physique (in my opinion) is not possible without roids. I have to settle for the 'best I can acheive'. NBD 
You'll never know til you get there, no point in comparing yourself to others when people have such dramatic differences in their genetic potential. If you work out naturally for 5 years and still aren't where you want to be no one is stopping you from hopping on. There are also SARMs like LGD-4033 that can give you moderate results without some of the side effects and that are taken orally.
Oh for sure, I have a long way to go. Only been lifting heavily since February. And I love where the results are taking me so far. Unfortunately my newbie gains are slowing down. That first 3 months though was fucking awesome. lol.
IMO the best part is ahead of you still, when your gains have slowed down but you are at a point where you finally look pretty good. You aren't in a rush to quickly gain or lose weight and you can take your time and do things the right way. You just get to enjoy your time at the gym and you don't feel self conscious anymore because you know what you're doing. Something something journey destination.
My nose started bleeding during my squats. I'm proud of this fact.
I remeber now why I hate low deficit cuts. (200-300 cals)  Don't have bad workouts but cutting this long is such a grind. 
Cutting in general sucks. You got this
Real Talk.   There are times when I'm lonely.    I suppose that I could get laid tomorrow... just open the field to fat girls, with complexion problems, and a few interracial kids.  
But if they have white kids it's okay?
das rascist. 
Sit Down, Man.
That's not autistic at all
Idk, depends on how he left
You good, bruh.  Most folks call that "making conversation."
True, but how was she supposed to respond? "Oh I'm going to take a shit now" lol
I've entered a debt slavery to the grocery store, but my bulk is going fantastic
I revoke my previous statement. Had to leave my bowl of rice and chicken to shit my brains out before continuing 
After a few days of heavy eating I decided I'm going full on bulk and I'm loving it. Eating is just too much fun
I'm one of the few serious female lifters at my gym. That said, what's the deal with these scrawny young girls (with zero muscle) that go in there, take up all the machines and do maybe 5 or 6 reps with no plates and then proceed to talk and giggle while still standing in front of the machines??? I want to slap the shit out of them. 
They avoid lifting heavy things because they don't want to get bulky, just toned.
They're not even there to do that. They just talk and giggle the entire time pissing off everyone. I see others getting fed up with them also. 
We had a pair of those a while back, doing 50 rep reps of 1-kg dumbbell...things, pretending to be scared and giggling like 8-year olds whenever someone dropped heavy deadlifts.  I know your pain.
Go to a fucking coffee shop if socializing is all you're going to do for fuck's sake. 
Last week 2 girls asked to work in when I was on leg press.   They did 3 sets between the 2 of them, maybe about 20 total reps. With an annoying long rest period. 
Lotta of fucking brotypes are guilty of this at my gym too tbh. Someone of them joocey bbers too.  I try not to let it bother me too much like whatever but if they are actually in the way or acting like overly arrogant I go from 0 to triggered real fast
Then do something about it, it's a gym with rules right? Usually there's rules to prevent this.
I've seen your IG, just roll up on'em and hit'em with a "I'm gonna work in my sets with y'all aight?"
Might scare them into actually lifting some weight.....and never wanting to be bullied again.
Or thinking their "cute girl" bit will work everywhere. 
I too just creeped on your Instagram. If you just ask them to work in, they'll say they just finished and run away. Of course, it will take like 45 seconds for them to catch their breath first, but you'll get the machine you need
I am going to try this and see what happens, LOL. 
My gym gets filled with fake fitness bitches during the day when they rarely go to the gym and they mostly talk and giggle and they're decked out in fitness gear and the only time they ever do anything is when they're getting filmed for their instagram or snapchat. Fuckin fake fitness bitches. 
I got annoyed the other day when this chick picks up a 10lb DB then proceeds to do goblet squats with her wide ass stance in front of the rack. I was in the middle of a set on a bench and wanted to say something since other people are clearly trying to get around her, but after one set she puts it down and disappears. Like, what?
They're the equivalent of young HS age boys who do a couple sets of curls and bench and then talk with their bros for an hour. They're there to be seen not to workout
No longer the most jacked guy at work.. Just hired an ex D1 athlete who is like 6'3 240lbs.   I don't like this. 
Kill him
I'll need a sledgehammer and a grizzly bear.  I'm his boss though, maybe I will order him to slouch and become a vegan. 
There can only be one.
convince a female coworker to tell him he'd be more attractive if he wasn't as jacked.  
The fucked up part is, no matter how I train I'll never get taller. 
2 weeks ago I hit a deadlift pr of 315. Yesterday I tried to do that again and hit 5 reps. Maybe I'm a gainz goblin. 405 here I come
I get to add sweet potatoes to my diet finally YASSSSS. Even the tiniest bit of carbs feels like such a big win.  
I think this girl who works at chipotle likes me. She has given me my meal for free at least 7 times now. She's pretty cute but I don't wanna ruin my free chipotle hook up. Let's be real though I'm just too autistic to do anything about it.
The lady at Burger King gives me a free triple whopper every time I go. Can you imagine the bulking Heaven that I am in?
Free food is much better than sex.  I mean, you can get laid anywhere.  But free Chipotle?  Don't fuck that up, fam.
Brings me back to when I was like 16 and this actual super qt at the sandwich shop across the street from where I worked hooked me up with a freebie whenever I went on my Saturday shift lunch break. The first time she was like nah just take it and smiled, I mean wow dude (self confidence still lacking big time back then)
What do I do when I try to tell people that I'll just do it how I want to?   There's this big ass guy who keeps telling me that feel wide toes pointed straight is better for your knees, and that really high is better for your quads(even though I haven't really read anything that supports these statements.  I have read that narrow and medium to low feet position is good for your quads tho (I do medium and I do really feel it in my outer quads))   As a 104 lb skinny kid, how do I tell a juiced up guy to let me do my own thing? (I appreciate the help tho)
Eat more and lift more, once you look like you lift people will assume you don't need help even if you do things slightly differently to them.
Just tell him that then
Just listen to him and then proceed doing what you want. I've dealt with this in the past, too, and now that I'm fucking huge af, I don't need to deal with this. Thank Christ 
Listen to him, say thank you, proceed to do what you were doing before.
Yeah I hate that too even though I'm 5'7" 175 lbs and fairly jacked. Sometimes I'm the buffest guy in the gym (its just a 24 hour fitness) but I still get workout advice from certain people and I don't want to follow it.  It's also why I hate working out with other people. There's certain exercises I don't do and there's certain ways I do exercises and they try to tell me to change them.  I don't want to fucking change them. I've been training for half a fucking decade. I'm bigger and leaner than you. I clearly know how to diet and lift properly. I have done every type of split from SS to PPL to UL to the bro split. I don't need your fucking advice I know what works for me and I've already tried it all.  After so many years of training I don't need advice on how to train any more than I need advice on how to tie my shoes. Unless you're going to inject some tren into my quads just shut the fuck up and leave me alone. 
Someone called me a beast the other day in the gym. It feels good
I've been doing yoga for my hips/hamstrings/lower back and holy fuck...it's immaculate. I can't even believe how much of a difference it has made, and I've only just begun doing it. I'd definitely recommend it for people dealing with mobility issues or muscle-tightness
Can confirm. Took a yoga class for 50 minutes 3 times a week a few semesters ago and it really taught me a lot about how my body can move
Bang them in an alley.  Problem solved.    But real advice time.  Going out to meet broads should be the last thing you're concerning yourself with now.  Either get yourself into school, or start looking for a way to better your current position. Get a place of your own. Find out what you enjoy doing. 
There you go bro.  If you have ambition, work ethic and the right attitude you can do whatever the fuck you want.  Once you start making some accomplishments you'll be drowning in broads anyway. GL. 
Tldr
How do you guys deadlift without scraping your shins and potentially bleeding everywhere? I feel like I have to mess up my form a little bit to avoid the shins. 
Jogging pants.
They also help with calves.
Now I just want to show up at my gym with Elmo socks...
Every time i get asked to help carry something for a coworker out of the office there's always a comment "Oh well look at you carrying both of the boxes". Am I supposed to act weak to fit in? Is that how it works?
They gave you a complement dude.
I know the way I typed it seemed that way. But it's always in a sarcastic manner. Making it seem like I'm a try hard. 
It's just a compliment don't overthink things
It just means they're a little afraid to say "wow, you're a strong dude", so they say it in a sarcastic manner so they can still complement you while trying to make a joke so they feel less awkward.  Next time just try to say something funny back about strength, or just chuckle and say thanks.
So... I should fight them?
knock yourself out
fitshaming is real, /r/swoleacceptance is there for you. I think... is it still up? Yeah it looks active still.
Brodin's disciples never waver, we are always present be it in full view or in the shadows. Every time Broki attempts to strike down a brother in Iron we arise to smite thy pitiful follower of Broki with iron we pray in 5x5 with. 
Just tell them they can go to the gym so they can be big and strong like you one day (in a sarcastic tone obv)
Went to weight lifting trials today and hit a dl pr of 210kg which is higher than the team captains so I'm in. Pretty happy about that, yhey want me to move up weight class though which im slightly less stoked about.
It feels weird to be called "daddy" by women when you're not even 28 and you're a couple years older than them. You don't particularly look old. On the contrary, you look like you're 20 because of good genetics. Oh no, it's your muscles that bring out the daddy comments. 
Probably the back hair, Harambe.
No back hair. 
It's just a trend that (mostly American) girls have picked up from the internet, some kind of 'name' to call hot guys. It's not a bad thing, it basically means 'guy who I want to dominate me in bed'.  pretty good thing in my book right there, get yourself out there and do the nasty with them bitches
I've always liked being called Hero, Loverboy, Rockstar, Tarzan and for a brief period, Stallion. That was in my early college days when I could whinnie like a horse.  
where do I find girls who call me this?
Central/south america
That's two wins. Booking a flight tomorrow.
Funerals
Decided to try out overhead squats and turns out my shoulder mobility is so bad I can't get into the proper position. Anyone have any good mobility work that actually worked for them?
I can't even figure out how people do them. They're so weird.   I tried it once and never thought about them again. 
Have had 4 people in the past week say my legs are huge, little do they know I want them to be bigger. Still feels good
You'd be better off with PPLPP 5 days and then an accessory day on the 6th for lagging parts, hitting push after shoulder day in your split seems not very efficient 
You're absolutely right, but I have to have legs on Saturday and rest on Sunday. It's weird but I think I'll be able to make something work.
Also PPL is more natty friendly assuming youre not on gear, more volume for each bodypart in a weet attributes to more growth in natty lifters
Just do PPL and hit legs twice bro. PPL PPL or use the first leg day as accessories day.  Push, pull, abs/core/stretching/wanking/ push, pull, legs 
I can't do that because I have volleyball practice Tuesdays and Thursdays which is enough of a leg day on its own. I do like the idea of hitting accessories instead of the first leg day though. 
Try Rich Piana's Real Food. Blueberry Cobbler flavor. Helped me get the calories/carbs I needed but not super bad for you. You don't need the sugar brah
1lb Ground Chicken and basmati rice x2.   5 eggs with cheese   1.5 cups of rolled oats.    1 shake with banana. 
Getting septoplasty surgery in a few months. Won't be able to lift for a few weeks once it's done. Planning a big bulk till then
Ayy bro me too, mine is october 21st, combined septo and rhinoplasty. Gonna get those breathing gains and some facial gains. 
Good luck.  my nose looks fine just inside is jacked up from when I broke it 
Broscience is bringing out the Dragon Ball references today. Lovin it. 
Is the creatine, glutamine, and BCAAs that's included in my whey protein enough? Or should I ALSO be taking these supplements separately every day?
What protein are you taking?  Creatine should be 5g/day. Most preworkouts underdose, you can buy creatine monohydrate pretty cheaply.  BCAA's are really a bonus add-in, taking extra isn't necessary.
I'm taking the Carnivore whey protein with all 3 "loaded" into it. And what about glutamine, is it beneficial to take more than what's in the protein already?
What whey do you use. Usually these are put inside because they are cheap fillers
Worry more so about the quality of food you're getting. Supplements wont do shit if you're main diet staples suck
Just do whatever is cheaper. Your protein includes creatine?
The only one of those I supplement on its own is creatine but the whey I use doesn't contain creatine in it. You should be fine.
Gay guys seem to love me, grills do not.
You've made it. Welcome my friend, to the end of the lifting journey, where girls no longer find you attractive. 
I get hit on regularly by gay guys. I'll take a compliment any day. Love being called gorgeous, cute, hot, etc. I always wondered why that was. I haven't been so straight forwardly hit on by a girl in ages. It's because men tend to be more straightforward with what they want, especially gay men.   I love getting hit on by gay guys but I can't smash because even though it'll feel good it won't feel right. tfw straight. I'll see myself out of this sub.
They probably do, they're just not as forward. Go out and talk to them.
If my BB bench max is 210 what should I use for DB bench 5x5?
Guess and check bruh
yeah, no one can tell you which weight to work with. try it out.
about 70lbs?
This is borderline retarded but ok
Where are the best places to meet grills ? I don't go to college I work and go the gym trying to start meeting people.
Somewhere where you have an excuse to be shirtless ofcourse.
Grills to bang or grills to date?
explain for both?
You wanna get laid? Tinder/Bumble/bars.  You wanna find the future misses? "Wife-material" girls are probably not in those places. You find those where you wouldn't expect them when you wouldn't expect to.
Do you outright use shirtless pics for tinder/bumble to get women that are dtf? Or just regular pics?
Never used a shirtless pic, but always something where my arms, chest, something looked like I lifted
I use a picture of my calves. I don't understand why I'm still a virgin, pls send halp.
Shirtless pictures that are taken in an artsy way score consistently the highest - aka a nice picture of you that you happen to be shirtless in, not a selfie.
Either or 
Bar. Used to be like "hittin on girls in bars is lame" then I tried and its so easy (also because I'm not the typical dad-bod slob)  Key is you just have to know you're the best dude in there
What's your typical method? 
I say hey whats up hello in a Fetty Wap voice lol  But seriously just hi. You can sense right away of they mind ur presemce or not, and if they do i say "ok nice meeting you im gonna go back with my friends"  Nothing creepy mothin weird
The closest grocery store where you can do shirtless pullups on the rafters.
I can't keep track off all these memes at thus point
connor murphy does it
Used a gift card to buy 5 lbs. of Optimum Nutrition Cake Batter whey. I've never tried this flavor before. Hopefully it's good lol
I like it
That's a risky move. I like your style. 
I played this game of protein roulette and lost.  Had to throw away a whole tub of Optimum Rocky Road because it was so ass.
Is it necessary? No, but it's sterile and I like the taste.
Forgive me, Pedro, I have sinned.
Rowing training gives me so much anxiety.
I've found that since I've been on this cycle of test, I have started to become almost indifferent to my gf. When we're together we're fine, but I don't reach out to her almost at all, preferring instead to concentrate on my diet, lifting, work, and building my workshop so I can get back into woodworking.   Of course when we're together I love her, sex is good, we go on dates. Libido is up, so no worries there.   She gives me almost no problems, the perfect girlfriend. Yet I'm bored with her, almost indifferent to whether we're together or not.  What gives?
Boredom is a legit reason to cut ties, been there done that, but worth it to give yourself some time to see if it's just a phase.
Sounds legit to me
You know what you want, so why settle for any less.  If you were not meeting her standards she'd dump your ass and monkey branch to the next ape in a heartbeat.  Life's too short to eat bad burgers.
Well I'm off to Atlanta tomorrow for my girlfriends powerlifting meet. We're both pretty excited and nervous at the same time. Well on,y be there essentially the day that she lifts, then back home to Boston. Then in 2 weeks it's my time to compete-thank god it's a local show, feel bad for her that we get in at 11 pm and she weighs in at 7 am the next day. Gonna be a long day. 
Good luck to your girlfriend. What's her  goal in terms of total?
I'm not sure. To be honest she just wants to be competitive and place well in her class. It's her first time competing in an event this size.   She's in the 52 kg/125 lb class and hoping to get a 145 bench/290 squat/315 deadlift. She definitely can hit those numbers, but peaking for the competition while cutting is draining. 
320x5x5 on squats today and 480x2x2 on deads. Send halp plz
is that too low on your squat or dl. idk wtf is wrong maybe I am just uncomfortable with weight on top of me but my 1rm dl is 445 but my 1rm squat is 255
I feel you. I made too many rice noodles and I'm about to give birth, alien-style. It's the best.
Looks like one of my many meals a day... 
I'm on that cut tho'
I gotta say bro, jamming down 4k cals in a single meal is a beautiful thing.  Staying single digit bodyfat while doing it is even beautifuller.
mirin' defecit/maitenance at 4k calories
When I was working construction and training 7 days, my daily got over 5000. Imagine the glory when you break your fast and know you have 5k waiting for you.  For 4 hours a day, I was in heaven.
holy shit how do you eat 5k calories in 4 hours? 
Very easily
So you gorge yourself like a lion and then pass out haha
Birthday squats, not fun. This will only continue to get worse as I get heavier and older. 200lbs x 27reps. 
Better than Birthday Shots.
Wanna bet
I'd rather squat 210 for my birthday reps than do shots.
In between reps maybe?
Birthday Yoke. Way more fun.
Pray tell
Damn. The gym I am visiting even has a yoke. (Really guys, if anyone ever pops into Phoenix, always go to Dir Hard Gym)
Is there a nerve that goes tru the forearm all the way to to trap?  I started to have pain in my forearm(on top the forearm) then in my tricep a few weeks later and now its also in my trap. It starts hurting more and more as I go tru the reps (it doesn't hurt for the first few reps but it seems to inflame as I progress tru the reps and sets)  Yes I will seek professional help but I'd also like to hear from my experienced lifting friends of r/bb. thx guys
Yes. There is.   You can definitely grab the bar in a way that irritates things. Usually close to the butt of the palm or near where thumb attaches. Avoid those trigger points. Really, you should grab most things more with the fingers than the palm. 
thx for your response but unfortunatly it hurts more when i pull, its not so noticable when I push. Do you know any kind of treatment i should try (accupuncture,massage therapy, etc) ? I got good insurance so I can try any kind of professional 
Probably just muscular skeletal related.   Nerve pain is like electric jolting pain. Like when you hit your ulnar nerve (funny bone) 
Out and about with the Lady, and she goes I need a new pair Uggs since the dog ate the last pair. Joking around with her I say that's fairly basic white girl of you, Uggs, Canada Goose jacket, yoga pants. She looks at me dead in the eye. You lift, vape, listen to techno, wear adidas pants You're just as basic.  My world has been shattered, how long have I been a basic bro...   
Just enjoy your life as a basic normie with a gf. It's probably better than the autism life.
35 eggs a day makes it hard to actually eat things I enjoy. I made a steak stir fry last night and barely got through it. It's like, I crave anything but eggs but I'm not hungry enough to eat and finish it. Kill me. Only 8 more weeks of this eggcellent adventure  
But the real question is.......w-why?
to turn into a chicken
My dentist today totally wanted to bang which was shocking, said something about me having nice teeth. Prob has to do with how yoked I am
Finally, after 4-5 years of living in agony I mustered up the courage to go to the doctor for my anxiety, depression and sleeping trouble. Starting therapy next monday. I'm a bit scared, but also very excited to hopefully make my life better. Will probably make better gains too, so that's also a plus.  Take care, bro's. I believe in all of you.
Violently swerving from confidence and overall happiness with body and strength to the deepest depths of self loathing. On a daily basis. 
Super hot grill i've been talking to from tinder asked me to send her a shirtless pic. Sent it to her and got a reply saying "Daddy" with like 5 heart face emojis, and now she's coming over to my place on Friday. Idk why but after reading the text I had this moment of realization of how much I've changed because of lifting both appearance wise and confidence wise. Girls like her used to never give me the time of day and it's just crazy to think back to where I used to be. We really are all gonna make it.  Side note though, she's gonna be so disappointed when she finds out I'm really into all you joocy fucks.  
Wheres that shirtless pic?
Show the pic dickhead
Had a girl try to make out with me randomly in my dorm hall. Not sure if I should be flattered or report her for sexual assault. 
That's when you take your shirt of and start flexing
Girl made an anonymous snapchat account and added me telling me she has a crush on me and has seen me at the gym, wont show me what she looks like but I've gotten some hints. She sent me nudes though. Why is my life a damn sitcom?
Make sure she ain't underage though, that behavior is strange as fuck.
 I believe that is signal for permission to snu cap'tn
I am so jelly wtf.
Pics or it didn't happen 
she's a weirdo
well quit fooling around and tell us her username
r/butterface   See if you see your grill there. 
What a weird sub
Face gains ain't easy, take what we can get sometimes 
Just kinda weird that she knows you and is creeping on you like that...
Believe me I know it's weird, but I'm just lonely enough that I'm not completely weirded out. 
If the ass is phat then proceed to smash but beware of crazy
I think she'd be less apt to send nudes than her face if she was 200 lbs... you can hide the fact that you have a fat female dadbod with your face, but not with your titties or lumpy gross ass
Ask her to pose for you a certain way or something to make sure you're not getting catfished by a guy.
I don't think you can send pretaken fotos via snapchat though, can you?
You can. Random dudes add me all the time and pretend to be chick's. They send an obviously fake photo, unprovoked, and I just delete em. Attractive women don't chase men down via social media. (unless you're jedizard) 
You can, use the icon on the bottom left to use your gallery.  
I go to a chain 24hr gym, so usually there's either nobody, or people just on cardio machines. But tonight there were a lot of people there lifting hard, squats, deadlifts, bench, rows, etc. It felt like a real gym, if you know what I mean. It was nice.
Feelsgymman
Always thought Brad jus lived in the squat rack there 
Girl I've been seeing for a few months ended things with me, no bad feelings between us or anything - sucks but shoulder day ain't stopping for nobody, let's smash it 
Break up gains are happening. Don't worry man, enjoy the extra time , extra money. Be with friends , family and enjoy the attention of othe grillssss
My gran said to me today "I don know how you manage to eat so much and stay so skinny" gunna bulk now for a few years
I could be 400 pounds and my grandma would call me skinny. 
My gym moved the cables at my gym to a spot where there's a mirror in front and behind me so I could see my back. I was doing cable flies to hit my back and holy shit I've never seen my back muscles poppin so much before. I probably did ten sets just because I liked to watch my back as it flexed.   I got a great workout that day. 
God my thighs and glutes are getting too thick for all my dress pants but I love doing deadlifts and squats too much  Wat do (corporate attire everyday)
Id count that as a PR
I don't know where I would be right now if I didn't lift. I'm glad I found something I enjoy in life that's both productive and challenging. I'm grateful bros
just eaten a banana, now having a cup of tea
Whoa slow down man, you're gonna get fat.
I absolutely destroyed my workout yesterday, my upper body is all types of joocy and sore. Can't wait for legs today, the pain's gonna be like I gave birth to a fully developed Arnold. 
Not sure if BDSM or leg day..
Three fucking bulging disks.   Fuck.
Picked up some clothes from the post office and the gay guy thar worked there asked me what id bought. Told him just some shirts to get ready for summer. He looked at my bis and says looks like your already ready... if only people looked at my calves the same way
You buy your clothes at the post office?
super hot grill in my bio class i caught mirin a couple times. Just gonna stare at her over the semester and not say anything like I normally do.
Ask her to spot you doing shirtless pullups in the grocery store
GF of nearly 2 years and I broke up last week. It sucks but what happened needed to happen. It's been pretty easy to stay busy with school and the gym. Problem is the diet kinda went to shit the past week. Oh well, I get to hit the gym in the morning and kill heavy OHP. Let's all crush it today, boys.
Grill I've been seeing said she loves my abs. Jokes on her, I'm fat as shit and haven't worked abs this year lmao. Since we started sleeping together I've been eating shitty af. Idk if this non relationship is going to be good for my gainz...
Any other super hairy bros here? I hit puberty in 5th grade and was able to grow a full chest of hair and sideburns in 10th grade. I fucking hate it. My shoulder and back are all super hairy and I have to shave them every day so I can wear tank tops and not scar people. Wish I had Asian genetics when it came to body hair 
Just download Grindr 
Fuck is 3 months bad? I'm almost embarrassed to admit my dry spell but I've always felt my time spent chasing tail is time wasted
I didn't fuck anybody for the entirety of 2015. Slept with 5 so far this year, so things are looking up
Be careful everyone. I posted a while ago about self loathing being the best pre workout. I think I over dosed on it. Tried to pump myself up before some front squats, caught the reflection of legs and just started crying.
Roses are red  I have a checking account  There is no evidence whatsoever that Complete Cookies even fucking count
have any of you ever competed just to get the experience of competing?  i'm currently 5'8'' 173ish and am nowhere near competition-winning physique, but was wondering if it's a better idea to keep putting on mass, or if it would be worth my time at a competition.
Yes. I know in my heart that I'll never be actually competitive in the bb world but it's my hobby and I'm passionate about it. Do what you like, just cause you weren't gifted heath genetics doesn't mean you can't enjoy yourself and grow. 
love you guys
love you too
Love you both
Thanks, you too
Has anyone actually built decent calves? I tried looking for Calf transformations online and couldn't find one legit transformation. I'm starting to think there is no hope at all. I've only been lifting for a year and a half but my calves now still look the same as when I didn't lift. The thing about my calves is that they're not just small. They're disgustingly tiny. And I'm not just saying this. They genuinely look like I have a disease or something. My ankles are tiny, my calf insertions are high, and they lack in mass in general. I've had to wear pants only for the past 3 years of my life, no beach days, no pool parties etc. I've tried low reps, high reps, supersets. Nothing seemed to work.   Does anyone have something that worked for them? Any calf transformations, stories, tips? Pls bros I am desperate. 
High socks
Haven't slept in 2 days. Send help. This gains goblin baby is strong.
Nap when you can. 
Join my universities volleyball team today for practice. In unrelated news, I can no longer walk.
So... Those locker room videos were real, huh?
Saw this well built guy in the gym doing 2 plate trap bar deadlifts so fucking bad- looking like a horseshoe then some guy who was alright size comes over later asking for his advice on trap bar and to show him good form. Dude proceeds to tell the dude "maintain neutral back at all times, never let it arch" and then shows him 3 disgusting rounded lowerback reps. I wanted to speak up so bad but im not very confrontational/dick.
Anxiety attacks are horrible. Totally fucks with your whole day and can mess us your mentality. and I was planning on being productive today....
Tore my rotator cuff benching. Haven't been able to lift in months. Don't have health insurance. Applying for medicaid..hopefully I'm approved. I had to complain to someone..I hate my life right now. 
god bless the NHS 
I just don't understand this one kid at my gym. This guy is like 15 years old and 130lbs sopping wet and then between some baby sets just starts stripping clothes and posing in the mirror. More recently this guy has his far more modest friends take pictures and videos of him posing. We not teaching people to feel shame anymore?
The army is such a gains goblin. Just wanna lift and sleep. Gotta love these 20 hour missions. Shoo Shoo goblins 
But you're making America gainz. 
Make America swole again. 
going for a PR on bench and sqwaats today. The summer has been rough and finally I'm back on my feet and my liver is not soaked in alcohol. Hold me.
Gave in to the plague and skipped the gym this morning to get some extra rest. Hoping I feel better tonight so I can get leg day done. On a happy note, an IFBB pro followed me on IG. I think that means I'm not completely DYEL anymore.
Jesus christ depressing feelings are the worst, especially when I can't fucking sleep. Oh well, 5 am now legs are gonna be utter shit today. Y'all bros have a good lift today, kill it. 
You gotta talk to someone. Maybe a bro maybe a grill maybe even a Councillor man. Don't be a  weak, gotta talk to someone
/u/dddddjohn  Bending over/showing my butthole pose for mandatory pose Wednesday?
I think a trainer at the gym was actually mirin me today... I was hitting shoulders and I kept catching her looking at me.      Admittedly, she could have just been avoiding looking at the fat guy she was training, but I'll take it.
He saw the need to christen it properly /s
Is it normal to have wide ass lats but literally nothing else going for me?
No need to lie on the internet son
why don't you try doing something else besides back fam
Jesus another DD already,  I haven't even gone to bed yet.  Shit it's 1230 and I have a leg workout in 6 hours.... fuck.
Ate three chocolate muffins today, that's 1440 calories in chocolate muffins. On the plus side hit 235x5 on decline bench today cuz all the flat benches were taken and I didn't feel like waiting. Why is everyone hitting chest on a Tuesday??
"On any given day, everyone in the gym is doing chest" - The Brofessor 
Worked out at Pure Gym the other day. Why does it feel like everything in there is made by Fisher Price?
Baby weight for baby men
One little secret the experts don't what you know to add 30lbs to your Deadlift.  Straps. Fuck, it's like a whole new world. 
Don't get reliant on them 
Does anybody else CONSTANTLY get the ads for this kinobody dickhead? Jesus christ everywhere I turn his videos pop up.
Finally figured out my Deadlift form. Pulling the slack out and tightening my lats made the biggest difference. So frickin happy guys. In other news, it's weak as fuck from where we only have one station so I usually don't get the chance to do it. Might make it a higher priority though because it feels great. 
Should've asked the professor a question and ended it with 'right babe?'
Anyone else hate eating? I've been going nowhere for months because of my shitty nutrition. I barely eat to survive most days
Dude, you have to fucking eat.  No amount of hard work is going to make up for that shit, you're wasting your efforts.
Yeah I know and it is frustrating, but I can simply go on for 6 hours without eating a thing and wouldn't even notice
That's sad dude... I can barely go an hour without feeling like an african child...
Well it's probably because you are as built as an African child. 
Reading this while eating my 25th Oreo... Not to mention I'm on a cut. Sort of. 
Bros the last few days i been having sharp pain in tip of penis when i piss.  Wtf is this?
Herpes
The clap. 
I love ordering more gear, but my wallet is hating me rn. 
Honestly not hoping on bike anytime soon but if I did I don't know how I would trust the source and or not be scared of being caught. Hell who knows about what might be in the injectable. Having said all that I hope its all good and you grow likea mother fucker. I am to scared to tske gesr let alone buy it... So ill leave vicariously through your awesome gains
Bros, what are your best tinder pickup lines. I wanna see how grills react to the autismo of /bb
Don't use pick up lines, just talk to the grills like people. It works better I promise. 
Slept through my alarm by like 4 hours. Might have to a quick leg session with my upper body on Friday.
who is your daddy and what does he do?
If I get fat enough, will it fill in my chest gap? Asking for a friend. 
It will fill the gap between your neck and your chin
My girl always makes me feel bad about going to the gym in the mornings rather than meeting her to drive together t class or to just come see her at class early. It's so frustrating because it's like every single day she does it and it totally interrupts my schedule.   Now I can't hit my leg workout this morning because she made me feel bad about not wanting to meet. Fucking hell.
Are you that pussy whipped that you can't explain to her the problem? 
One of the hallmarks of a quality relationship is supporting your partner's hobbies that you don't share. Dump her ass.
Or you know, talk to her saying it's important to him.
She's calling you beta bro
3 seconds in you bust a nut and then sit there awkwardly.
Reaching out to any university of Calgary bros, I'll be lifting chest and back tomorrow from 3-5, and wearing a white long sleeve shirt with red sweats, if you see me come say hi and say you're from the Internet 
I don't go there but hi
so my left hip/butt is lower than the other at the bottom of my squat... Idk why. Any ideas? I've been hella stretching psoas and hip flexors along with entire leg- lots of foam rolling and lacross ball massaging. Any areas I might have missed? 
Hurt the upper part of the lower back doing squats warm-up yesterday. Idk what to do.   Does anyone know of any good foam rollers to buy from Amazon? I'm currently looking into them. 
Any reason why i shouldn't superset everything with wrist curls? Forearm pumps are the best
Are wrist curls a real thing? I thought that was just slang for masturbation
Hey bro's. I've been programming for well over a year with a coach and I'm starting to think it's time to take a different approach to programming. I'm interested in doing something similar to what 'MattDoesFitness' does, which is a sort of hybrid powerlifting program followed by BB movements to add size.    Does anyone have any recommendations? Or would a standard PPL split be my best bet? I'm looking to continue increasing the big 3 but I'd like to add some size as a secondary mission.
Easing my way back into conventional deads today. Let's make this back thicker than a snicker.
3 days out from my show and my sleep is total shit. If I take half a xanax before bed I can sleep through the night but otherwise I wake up at least twice during the night and way before my alarm, all groggy and pissed off. Is the xanax gonna affect my cuts? 
I usually work out at home alone. A guy from work who I usually talk to about lifting told me about a DL PR he set recently. We talked about DLing and now I'm going to his gym to do a back workout with him.   Kinda sad about how excited I am to DL with another person...
Does anyone have the macros for vajayjay?
0c/1f/39p
All my shirts feel like dresses from the chest down. Hug all around the top, then just hang loose. The lifting manlet struggles...
Man it was such a mental battle with myself to take a bit of a lighter/deload week last week but it was worth it.  Feel like a fresh beast this week.  Just a reminder to anyone else out there battling through some built up nagging injuries and/or stalling on their lifts, gotta listen to your body sometimes.
What are your opinions about doing only dumbell and machine work for pecs and not doing bench press? I admit I've not done bench press for over a year and I recently (this summer) got on the bench press just to see how I would do... and I am actually weaker on the bench press vs dumbells. I have just slightly uneven pecs that might just be genetics (hardly noticeable to be honest unless you really stare at them)... or is it because I don't do bench press and one of my arms have slightly off-form when I do dumbells? Thoughts? I'm probably just over thinking it..
it's probably because you're not as good at the movement with a barbell as you are with dumbells
Gotten in bed with a few different girls since my break up last month, but every time I go for the vag I get shut down. I'm blue ballin like a motherfucker I just need to find an easy one and done lay. Not tryna get attached to anyone again the rest of my college career 
Literally just ask if they wanna fuck lol
My girlfriend went behind my back and hung out with her ex Saturday. It fucking sucks, I have never had trust issues with her till now, and I don't know what to do.  She was in a group setting so I don't think she cheated, but it is still really worry some that she did that without telling me.  
Dump her ass bro. Fuck dealing with a child who doesn't respect boundaries. 
Dump her silently. No calls, no texts, ignore her on all social media.   Oh and she cheated by the way.
I couldn't trust someone after that, but I'd give her a chance, at least
Call her out. Tell her you think that kind of thing is unacceptable and ask her why she did that without telling you.
Mine knows it clearly that shit is not okay with me. I'd have dropped her tbh because I wouldn't be able to trust her now and without trust you can't have a relationship.
DB press to strengthen your BB press? Considering doing a cycle of DB bench to increase my bench 
I did DB exclusively for a month to fix my chest imbalance and added 20lbs to my bench
PWO shits hit me 4 sets into my 5x5 on shoulder press. While in the bathroom the trainer takes my equipment, that had my duffel bag and sweater next to it,  and starts doin her own thing. I rage lifted the rest of the lift and was mirin my shoulder vein. 
What's your favorite workout for Boulder Shoulders? 
Lots of lateral raises. Don't forget your rear delts. Makes a huge difference imo.
Tren 100mg E3D
Anyone ever have shin pain while squatting? It's kind of near my tibialis anterior which is fucking weird as fuck.
I think it's a sign to stop doing legs
Noted. No more leg days for 2016.
What do all y'all like listening to during your workouts? I need some new music. Preferably rap and EDM 
Grime
Travis Scotts new album has some bangers
RL grime Halloween mixtapes
Pref spooky scary skeletons skillet remix
Thanks you too
Down almost 8lbs after 1 and a half week into this cut. Although I know it's mostly waterweight and glycogen, feelsgoodman. 
Either something is wrong with my lower back, or I've started deadlifting and squatting wrong recently. After pretty much any exercise that works my back, it'll hurt pretty bad for the next few days--and not like a "hell yeah I just killed it on deads", 'cause I know what that feels like, it gets to the point where I can't put pants on in the morning because it's so stiff and painful, and if I hit DLs the day before squats or vice-versa I'll barely be able to eek out of few reps on the second day. Usually don't hit much more than 250x8 for a few sets on squats and 275x8 for a few on deadlifts.
Don't do heavy deadlifts before squat day. Strangely the other way around is not as bad.   After heavy dl days, the only sign of life I have is feeling that my heart is beating. Otherwise I am dead. 
Rock up at the gym at 5am and it's closed for maintenance, so I ended up getting some cardio cycling back to my house.. Ugh. 
Just reading that gave me Tendinitis. 
Lol
I know but it's fun to switch it up once in a while and challenge yourself. Not much use out of it though I guess haha
Got a change in schedule and now I have very little time left for myself. I no longer can do a full session each day, probably only a quick 30-40min session every other day at the most. Sucks but oh well, at least i still got some time to go i guess.  What would be better if I wanna focus more on strength and less on hypertrophy. A quick full body routine with mostly compounds or isolating a few muscle groups per session?
My gym has two different types of bars,  one with a larger diameter than the other. I like the smaller one when I'm benching because the bigger one fucks with my grip.   Well the only bench that's open has the bigger one. So I go across the gym to grab a smaller one from the squat rack and then put the one that was on the bench on the squat rack.   At that point I realized I grabbed another big on but I had already committed to it. I had literally no choice but to use it. I got a really shitty bench sesh. 
Rye whiskey
Got a new pw with 1.3dmaa    Fuaaaark , the last time i was that hyped i took the old jack3d  That stuff is hardcore
Which new preworkout?
Fucked up my leg workout last night. Think I have imbalanced legs, left is weaker/smaller than my right and the left knee hurts when I squat.  Best solution I can think of is do light work on my left leg before every workout this week and hopefully bring it up to be as strong as my right, and pray the knee pain goes away. 
Same dude, my imbalance is huge right calf muscle is 17 inches and my left is 16inches
Absolutely nothing to do at work today, how's everyone elses day going?
Similar here, no lectures so all I'm doing is lifting, eating and sleeping.
I miss college..
Same Same
Left 3 goddamn callouses on a 85 lb DB today cause I'm out of chalk. Great. Also my towel is now all bloody.
Fuck me lol, since I've hopped on the cycle all kinds of injuries are starting to pop up. Left shoulder feels shitty when overhead pressing, lower back went to shit, arms for life it is
Dude benching in his socks today, who can give me the bro science behind this?
Socks are slippery, meaning you can't get good leg drive so you're focusing more on your pecs.
Hey bros I started my cycle of test 250 twice a week and dbol 30mg a day. I don't know if it's all in my head but I have 3 smallish lumps in my left pec near the nipple and my nipples are swollen and sensitive. I've been dosing my Arimidex at .25 e2d but have bumped it up to .5 Im only 2 weeks in could gyno develop this quick?  I'm thinking about dropping the dbol any thoughts? 
I'm sure some people here have answers, but if Reddit advice is what you're looking for /r/steroids might have better answers
Dbol will blow your tits up with the quickness if you're not on point with AI. Get some ralox and up the adex to .5 ED 
Like that guy who "accidentally" sent a girl a video of his dick. It just happened to be out. Lol so random
Af
There's ton of people who take gear and look like shit. It makes it easier and gives you a higher limit but you still need to work your ass off to get what you want.
Yea, that's definitely true. I hit everything twice a week and I've noticed that if I skip my second session, I won't be any stronger when I hit that body part again. I'm sure if I was natty I would lose strength but still. Hard work is definitely required.  Glad I don't look like shit but size gains are definitely getting more difficult, too.
I walk 40 minutes a day, from bus to school and back, should I be eating a tad more because of this? I aim for 3000
No
no
rant wednesday on r/fitness is honestly pathetic xD 1700 comments of whining. Seems like they like complaining more than actually working out. Also pretty much everything in the gym offends them
Haven't looked at it. Unsubbed shortly after subbing here. You guys changed my life, they got me fat with gomad and told me to squat 3x a week and not do any accesories
To be fair we have hundreds of posts from 20yr olds and girl problems that are hurting their feelings. 
Yes. Mine was caused by a right muscle in my glutes. The muscle runs between the hip bone and ass bone. Roll it out a fuck ton and pop your back as much as possible and it will get better with time. Also, deload deadlifts and slowly work your way back up. 
How to do lunges correctly? I experience knee/shin pain sometimes during exercise but it is gone few hours after workout. Is it fine?
Finally starting my cut but I'm not sure if I should change my volume to maintain strength?
Don't change anything right away. See how your body reacts and when you get to the point when you feeling you aren't recovering fully then alter volume. Keep focusing on lifting heavy though 
Listen here, don't EVER tell me what to do
What's your split?
How many (rough estimate) pisses do you guys go for a day? I'd estimate I go at least 10 times, wondering if that's way too much
i say 10 is a safe estimate.  more when i overload on the creatine lol
Decent, I'm smashing the creatine too, so I've upped my water to 5 (ish) liters. Thanks
nah man, i'm short as fuck and probably take a piss at least 10 times a day even.
I'm around 15ish probably, but I drink water like it's the end of the world so
I'd say I'm close to 15 too, glad to see I've no reason for concern, anyway. Thanks
I've got credit card points to use and was thinking about getting new headphones since I lift with my iPhone ear buds.  Stuck between the wired Power Beats 2 and the wireless Beats regular headphones that go over ear. What do you guys think? Lifting in the standard headphones is bad ass and they're obviously better, only thing I'm worried about is sweat ruining them because I do sweat a lot, and I'd imagine running on a treadmill with them is out of the question just due to the bouncing and I'm usually drenched. For those reasons I'd go with the Power Beats.  What do you guys think? Any experience with these?
i have both wired powerbeats and wireless powerbeats...had issues with both with sweat (the sweat resistance they advertise is bullshit).  had more problems with the wireless ones tho (sent back to them 3x in 1 yr under warranty)  
If you're gonna go for a nice pair of headphones go wireless. Worst decision I ever made was getting wired Beats for lifting.   
I've had a 3000 calorie eating session and a (almost) 5k calorie eating session the past week...think my body (and mind) is finally tired of me being a bitch about bulking. Gonna reset and start my lean bulk I think instead of destroying food and then fasting the next day lol jesus
I have been doing a Rep scheme of 8-12 reps for accessory work and 5-8 reps for my strength exercises since I started lifting a year and a half ago.   Should I switch up my training to 12-15 or 20 Rep range for a bit to to confuse the shit outta my body? I'm currently on a bulk but I feel like it's time to change something up for a bit. 
Is what you are doing still working? If so, then don't change it. If it's not working, then try something new. If you are just eager to do more because you're bulking, do some extra sets, heavier weight, more accessories, etc.
confusing the body is a meme, if you're bored of your current routine it won't hurt to change to a different one though
Anyone got some not super douchey halloween costume recommendations? 
Tom Cruise in Risky Business, Clark Kent, Arthur, Ken Bone.
cheating husband. wear a shirt and tie disheveled with lipstick kisses all over you
Pablo escobar. Pillow under polo shirt. Jeans. Constantly fixing tucked shirt and pants. 
I'm going to go as a ping pong player. Athletic polo, Oakley sunglasses, tube socks and 80s style short Soffe shorts along with a paddle. 
What's the square root of this thread? 
Autism
Getting ready to finish up last midterm exam today. Vasectomy tomorrow with no lifting for a week after.   So I've got one celebratory workout tonight before a mandatory deload week. Tell me guys (and gals, no hetero) what should I do for my workout?  I already told my wife I'll be in the gym all fucking night but I don't think I have the time for an 8 hour arm workout before they close.
How old are you/do you have any kids already?
30 No kids, dogs are more than enough for me already
Wait, you have to take a week off after a vasectomy? Bummer. I'm gonna get forced out for a week one of these days
Anyone that's transitioned from a cut to a bulk, did you experience a massive appetite increase? I went from 1.6 k to an even 3 k and I'm hungry all the time, much more so then I was on my cut. 
Team "always hungry no matter what" checking in
here
So I noticed yesterday that after doing a heavy chest workout that while I do feel it a little in my pecs, i am more sore in my the front of my delts. When I do press exercises like flat barbell bench or incline dumbbell bench, I am sure to retract the scapula so I don't know what I am doing wrong. What gives?
I also had this problem for years, finally realized one day that I was touching really low and tucking a fuck ton. Was making me weaker too, my pecs weren't assisting hardly at all.
Tucking?
tucking my elbows in.
Squeeze your chest more. Know the difference. Shoulders move the arm away from the chest, the pecs move the arm in trusted the  sternum (inb4 some turd tries to get more specific than that. I know it's not exact according to anatomy books, but for lifting applications that mental picture will help with recruitment. You get more chest by squeezing your shit towards sternum than just moving the bar away from chest)
Don't lockout excessively, you're probably using your front delt to push the bar a bit further on lockout
Recently I'm only able to workout 5 days a week now, Mon-Fri, so I'm thinking PPLUL, anyone do that before, how is it?  I'm coming off of PPLx2
I really like PHAT.
You could do PPLPPXX LPPLPXX PLPPLXX etc as an option to keep doing what you were doing before.
I wanna start doing progress posing videos, anyone have a posing routine for something like that?
Steve?
Hi. My name is steve
Sorry I'm late to responding but I think you've misunderstood my purpose. I'm gayer for Steve THEN you. As in your next on the list
Coach told me whenever I reach the pump to stop or else I am over training the muscle . Any truth
If this was true I'd stop after one set every time I lift.  What the fuck??
He told me to stop when the pump is so good it starts hurting to do more reps. Like when you feel the skin is gonna explode
No you pump more for more pump.
Only levrone makes a pic into a vid just to add music
Maryland music machine
What a fucking beast
Needs more cowbell
I really hope he can bring those legs for the next olympia, show them the REAL Levrone
Why are you guys pretending you can see his fucking quads in these shitty pictures?
Hey how good are your quads how many titles have you won ? Just because you can type doesnt mean you're better than kevin.
He didn't say he was better than Kevin....
I want to believe
He keeps saying he's training for 8 months... anyone actually know what this means?
I think he literally trains for 8 months as he bulks and gets leaner simultaneously, growing into the show.
Probably 8 months of bulking before beginning prep for next year's Olympia.
He doesn't have to qualify for next years Olympia? Or does he have a free pass to compete as he pleases?
He can always get a special invite like he did for this year's.
After not placing I would expect him to qualify. That's just me, though.  I don't think he would have qualified for this years Olympia with his physique. To save himself and us the trouble I think it would be nice to see if he can even win a qualifier.
Looks good but his chest doesn't look nearly as thick and pronounced as it did when he was younger.
Well yeah, he tore his chest
That bulge is mesmerizing...no homo(some homo).
Legend has it that Kevin is a hyper responder to gear and does most of his growing 4 weeks after stepping on stage at the Olympia.
When people say calorie adjustments what do they mean. Is he saying he is going to up his calories to gain muscle mass, if so how does one know how much to add
He spends some of his many dollar bills for continuous professional nutritional, medical, and training advice and assistance.
"Full body pic"  Gimme some knees baby pleeease.    Maybe a calve or two.  I mean come on dudes, isn't the improvement we're all looking for from the waist down?    Not saying he's not joosy as fuk but...right?
I like this guy but his taste in music man 
No shit dude, always with the buttrock 
He needs to work that chest a lot to match his delts
I don't think you know what "full" means.
Oliva. Not Olivia 
Part of me doubts he was eating 10,000 calories a day, every day.
I am more curious about if he's lying or just doesnt have a clue?
He knows, he just is likely over amplifying things so people look at him and think hes a monster / freak that does things that other people cant do.
Depends on how active he was, it's doable
Yeah maybe if he did 5 hours of cardio a day
On my feet a lot during the day. Gym at night and that's about it. It honestly is only this way because my coach and I have have been progressively increasing cals post show for 4 months. Couple that with pushing it in the gym and the body adapts
I've never really tried to progressively increase cals but it seems like the optimal way to come back from a deficit. Isnt it hard to stay disciplined?
It sure is. But I don't like having a gut and having to work harder to lose it when I need to get in shape again
What's your body fat? Also, what're your thyroid levels? 
When I had my thyroid issue (hyper not hypo), I was eating at least 5000 kcal and not gaining weight. Just making sure you don't have a similar issue. It's a fucking hitch. 
There is no set rule to eat X amount of calories to gain. Every person is different. Some have faster metabolisms. While it's true that a pound of body weight is equivalent to 3500 calories, that's 3500 over maintenance. If maintenance is 5000 because of how the body processes food, then 4500 calories aint going to do shit. 
Well, yeah, but if you're eating quite a bit, and you measured it out correctly, getting a few blood tests won't hurt, as long as insurance pays for it. If I had my tests done sooner, I would have fixed the issue sooner. I probably had it for at least 1.5 years. 
Ok, yeah I spent the past 6 months getting my metabolism up post show. Really tanked it last year unfortunately.  Glad my thyroid levels are ok. Hyper/hypo thyroid is no fun
I don't know how active you are in your daily life, but you probably want to get that checked. I'm 6'5", around 202 lbs (yes, that's light, I know) and I start to gain weight on like 3500 calories a day...
I'm very active. I lift at least four times a week and play a modest amount of basketball and soccer and I'm slowly getting into volleyball. I also do a bi-weekly spin class, but I took a hiatus from the cardiovascular shit I do and I only gained two pounds within a nine week period. 
My first check would be to make sure you're actually getting 4200 calories. You may be or you may not be counting them correctly.   Second, if you are, maybe try switching around timing of your meals and how many meals you eat per day. There are lots of studies on this, and many contradict each other, so I'd figure out what works for you.   Third, mess with your macros. Honestly, try a bunch of different eating habits that still give you 4200 calories with whatever protein needs you have, stay on those habits for a while, and then see what it's like.   However, if you're getting weaker, feeling tired always (different from lifting tired) , can't sleep, have a high heart rhythm, sweat profusely, always feel hot, feel anxious and irritable, and seem to lose muscle but not fat, I'd get checked out. 
Juan Morel eats a fuckton daily. Maybe possible eating very dirty. 
He eats clean but mixes in bullshit. Guy eats a tub of ice cream a day. 
The Mountain eats 10,000 calories and he's 400 lbs
Yeah but Hafthor is maintaining at that, whereas Segio Jr was bulking. Do you know how long he claims to have eaten 10k daily for? It could be feasible.
I find it hard to believe he kept as lean as he did on his bulk if he was bulking 10k though. 
The mountain is also 6'8 and doesn't give a shit about leanness
Which further proves my point that Oliva Jr. Would more than  likely not eat 10k calories
I highly doubt it myself, especially if he was eating clean at all. That's the equivalent of 20 chicken breasts
No shit he didn't eat 10k. You don't even need to think about it if you've ever counted calories and seen what different kind of athletes eat.
I like to play it safe so I eat 1 chicken breast per pound of bodyweight. Am I overeating?
I thought you took your total body weight, then added your lean body weight together and that's the amount of chicken breasts you have to eat? 
no no no thats for waterbread
He looks really impressive but something is off, I can't out my finger on it. His dad was so aesthetic but this just doesn't look right. Can someone point it out? The only thing I can think is the pose/angle make his torso look way too long.
His lats insert a lot higher and his chest isn't as full
I didn't even know a 10 pack was physically possible...
I count 7... 8 to make it even, 19 is being very generous as to what counts as an ab
Calorie debate aside, I'm rooting for this guy.  From what  I've seen/read it didn't look like him and his dad they didn't get along much.  Its got to be hard having that baggage and then following in his footsteps.  Good to see some fresh blood, getting into the game.
Must be a heavy hat.
I honestly think he looks healthier at 300
healthy and professional bodybuilding. pick one.
Got his dads thick as fuck arms and tight waist. Mirin genetics.
His forearms are almost watermelon sized
Damn those quads
He works out at the same gym as me. Dude is a beast in person and the most friendly guy you'll meet
i'm just going to come out and say it. he really got fucked in the genetics department considering who his dad was 
Limbs are amazing, but torso is a bit long and not as aestetic imo
Not gonna lie, I read that as Tren pack.  Had to go back and check. 
OMG I'm done bruh
True.
Could be a successful Olympia competitor one day 
Are his nipples blurred out? 
He's actually flexing so hard his nips go camouflage 
Almost no visible bone/tendon on his body. He is litteraly covered in huge bulgy muscles. It piss
Sandows....Sandows everywhere. 
He is way more impressive now, what a freak
His pecs look like a second pair of fists touching.
He will break the record of 8 Mr Olympias
This exact reason why no one will defeat Phil Heath. Unless another "gift" shows up and takes his place which is.. unlikely before his retirement. I can definitley see him surpassing 8 olympia titles
Bellies as in round muscles?
his pecs have formed into 1 super pec
Honestly I only see one belly 
liked everything (especially the fit shaming one that one was the best IMO) except for the dieting/calorie counting part. Calorie counting is a huge part of bodybuilding. It is the best and most accurate way (if done right) to make the most efficient progress.
That one was my favourite.  "You can never number-crunch your way to a satisfying relationship with your own body"
I keep track of what I eat and how much of it I eat, but I think it's a waste of time to obsess over adding up what the packaging says and trying to match it to what you got from a TDEE calculator.   Just weigh your food, eat the same thing in the same amounts, and adjust the quantity every week after comparing progress on the scale and in the mirror. 
The second I stop counting calories I stop gaining weight. It just doesn't work if you don't keep track.
I don't think that is targeted at bodybuilding. Bodybuilders need to cut down to certain points periodically for shows etc while the average person needs to lose weight and keep it of and that is better done by changing lifestyles
I think it was more targeted to the person who gets out their trusty notebook and HP12C after every set to calculate the time value of their bench press and panic if they got 5.67 reps instead of 6.1666666 like their formula prescribed 
Especially these types of people who are complete beginners who are using a RPE Max-Set Undulating Periodization scheme to maximize progress in 3-week rotating cycle blocks.
I'm an in person personal trainer and the amount of 19 year olds asking me when I'm gonna start Instagram coaching is too damn high. 
I read that as a very defeatist attitude. Sure, we won't always know everything we burn or ingest down to the calorie but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try. You can follow all the research on nutrition out there and it will make a world of difference. My physique was terrible before I started counting calories/macros and I made my biggest progress right when I started. Am I perfect at counting calories? No, but perfect isn't an enemy of good.
I think counting calories has very little to do with nutrition research. If you actually did follow "all the research on nutrition" you would be spinning your wheels as a lot of it is contradictory or just plain old garbage. 
to be fair he did say 'The key word here is "over"' 
it's interesting how you choose to ignore the massive difference in fat gains. 
I mean you're not wrong, but if you're saying that I could as well give 0 attention to the whole calorie counting / weight tracking thing and just eat ad libitum for very decent LBM gains with minimal fat gains, I'm doing it. I have other things to worry about in my daily life rather than stressing about the calories and macros in my food. Orthorexia is a real thing.
All I know is I started counting macros and my muscle gains exploded. I realized that I wasn't eating nearly enough protein and too many carbs before on my "eat how you feel," approach. I feel like I'm making the most of my workouts and rest periods with the proper nutrition in me.  It also helps to do it so you recognize what a serving of a certain food looks like, that way I don't over do the carbs or deserts when I eat out.  Count your shit. It helps.  
My cousin is a beachbody "coach." It pains me. 
I did a test group for Hammer and Chisel. Shakology is fucking delicious, but holy god I am not paying a hundred dollars for 5 pounds of a damn protein powder mixed with pulverized bullshittia root mixed in. 
Basically the reoccurring thing is people who don't know what the fuck they are doing.
God there's a crosshitty spaz at my gym.  He was wearing a weighted vest, those weird toe-shoes and was doing a circuit of push presses with such bad form that he was almost falling over, then he was going outside to do tire flips before sprinting on a treadmill for 30 seconds.  I'm not joking, it was fucking retarded. He also got pissy with me when I wanted to squat in the squat rack that he was hogging for his stupid bullshit circuit.  It's a fucking bodybuilding gym you inconsiderate cunt
I have to laugh about the squat rack thing. I watched a guy leave his towel, on the rack, do a set of every piece of shoulder MACHINES, and comeback. On his third time around I thought he's got to be done. So I start getting set up to hit a few squats and he comes tapping on my shoulder and starts yelling at me "wtf bro didn't you see my towel. It's right there so I know you have to have seen it" and I replied " yeah I saw it, but I didn't see you for 20 minutes, so I figured someone just forgot their towel." Moved on with my life. Best part was he maybe weighed 120lbs wet. And on a small day I weigh 190lbs. I couldn't help but laugh at the situation because it's not worth fighting over, I kinda like going there.
Dude.  You interrupted his Rocky montage in his head.  Now he'll never beat the flat top Russian.
If he dies....he dies
Sauce for the chick plz? I think I missed that 
I don't think those are comparable.  Rounding your back in a deadlift is potentially dangerous to your spine.  On the other hand, we don't have any idea how deep she squatted.  She might have been going parallel in a squat that would have qualified easily in a powerlifting meet, but gotten criticized by one of the "ass to grass or nothing" nazis.  There's nothing to indicate how deep she went.  Could have been a quarter rep, or it could have been parallel.
Generally, actually breaking parallel doesn't get you called out on instagram or other social media.  Most powerlifters will come to the aid of someone who actually hit competition depth.  The fact that they said, "oh because of previous injuries" tells me that she was probably quarter squatting.  Which is just knee bends.  Which with heavy weight are dangerous your knees.
But without more information, it's all just conjecture.  No one knows how deep she was squatting so we can't automatically assume one way or the other.
i agree with the idea that proper depth is not the same for all people. the part that bothered me is him complaining about her being called out, dont put yourself out there if you dont want to be called out.
Those were said by different people. Besides, a very rounded back deadlift is nothing like a high squat. One is safe, if a bit lacking in ROM, and the other has the potential to fuck you for life.
Heavy half ROM squats are slightly more prone to causing injury though particularly in the knees
This... It causes shear on knees when depth is not reached.  There are articles on this I'll try and find if I can.  However, you are essentially stopping the weight with your knees rather than your leg muscles.  Squatting heavy weight without reaching depth is why people have knees problems from squats.
from what i understand is it can create a muscle imbalance that may result in wear on your knees.  if there is some dangerous load on your knees during a half rep, its going to be there during a full rep too.
wanna say starting strength has a diagram of the acl and pcl joint's during parallel squats to explain this.
Two different commenters, and to be fair two separate issues. The wife was only "guilty" of not squatting low enough, not putting her spine at risk with poor form. 
Does going to 90 degrees on a squat engage your quads? Yes.  Does going ass to grass engage your quads? Yes.  Both are a squat, both work your quads, ass to grass just engages your glutes a bit more.  Ass to grass isn't "needed" to build big legs, watch some clips of top pros squat. I'd even argue that going to 90 is more taxing because your quads are taking the majority of the load. However, its commonly known that "half squats" are harder on your knees because your hips aren't being used to change direction, but that's only if you're half squatting due to lack of mobility.   Regardless of how deep you go on bench or squats, you're still contracting the SAME muscles. Its not like they're nullified because you're not going to "proper depth," that makes zero sense whatsoever.  
it all started with someone posting on social media. makes me wonder... the point of posting anything anywhere is to get some sort of feedback, right? so if the feedback includes both positive and negative comments it is probably more realistic and representative than if we choose to censor negative comments. so the wife with the PR posted something with the expectation of getting likes/upvotes but not dislikes/downvotes? it's unrealistic to post anything publicly and expect that anyone who sees it knows every nuance of personal injury and limitation that makes the history of that post. 
I think the issue with social media is that people who don't just "like" and "share" your content are haters or labeled as such. The overly positive thing got people being too confident or narcissistic. No such thing as moderation on the internet I guess things are either white or black
People don't go on the internet to hear opposing ideas. That's the purpose of pretty much all social media, to surround yourself with people who think the same as you. 
Dugdale, in particular, was spot on.
Great article. It all comes down to social media allowing totally unqualified people to give out bad information, and develop large followings. 
I don't agree with the John Rusin part at all. Those things he list are not the main staple to achieve your goals, but they don't hurt either.
I think his point though is you get out of shape people coming in the gym with bad posture or otherwise and their trainer spends an hour doing rotator cuff exercises instead of just working on getting stronger in general.  Including that stuff is good. Making it the main staple is what hes taking issue with
The Crosshitty workout was the best  "nutballs who do Crosshitty workouts take up multiple stations in non-CrossFit gyms, occupying vast swatches of territory like the Nazis in 1941. They blitzkrieg from one station to the next"
I wholeheartedly agree with every one of them.   T-Nation? What?
That was an awesome read, TNation can sometimes be a hard read but that was incredibly uplifting to see professionals sick of the same shit we see every day.
He'd be fucked if he found himself in a knife fight 
Thats all I can think about whenever I see vascularity like this. One accidental cut and it would be like a firehose.
That's not how veins work. You're thinking of arteries 
He'd be fucked in a paper fight already.
Why? He's already cut as fuck
/thread
I know as you keep going down the road of bodybuilding the picture of what you want to look like keeps chaging.   Maybe someday I'll want to be a mass monster, I don't know for sure.  But I'll definitely never want to be as vascular as McGrath.
Yep I'm all for veins but when veins actually start ruining the definition of your muscles you know it's too far
Give it time
That sweet potato is hella vascular 
My inspiration 
I'd so nervous around all sharp objects or edges if I looked like that I feel like. Biggest fear becomes kittens who might accidentally dig a nail in me a little or something and kill me. 
Lol at me thinking thats his lower leg
If I could have one persons genetics it'd be lee priests, something so satisfying about his build and symmetry 
Pass. Manlet status wouldn't be worth it.
Nothing compares to those spaghetti-o's on his shoulder
How do these guys deal with misplaced papercuts. BLOOD EVERYWHERE.
sweet potato 
Just one paper cut away.
Diuretics aren't a trick? 
Seeing as he pretty much looks like this year round, no.
You can't take Lasix all year long? 
Go away
Lol you guys are funny. If you think that's natural then you're out of your mind.   Didn't say it was a bad thing. If I could be huge and take Lasix safely, and get my vasculature to look like that, you bet your ass I would. 
Nothing natural about it bro. Its freaky. And we love it
I just don't think you understand diuretics 
Hm.. Enlighten me. 
Nah you can Google it 
turn off for gurls so no thanks
Thats what they say until they're actually with someone like that
mousey emo girls no thanks.
Implying all that diet, work and time is to impress women.
Hungry hungry Heatho
my fucking sides
Stop stealing videos and reuploading them dickhead
Video deleted?
Nope, just watched it. Whole body cramp, little salt water and he's all good
Might be cause I'm  on mobile then 
I'm on mobile lol... you have any pending YouTube app updates? That's caused issues for me sometkmes
Yea then I REALLY don't know lol. I have no pending updates 
You on the official Reddit app?
Try viewing it on the non mobile site? Other than that I'm out of ideas haha
15 years old here
After 6 weeks of starting strength
Puberty kicking in. 
Less than 6 months of training.
Fully natty (no creatine or protein powder)
"Starting Strength."
GOMAD
Hey guys my names Phil Heath and I've been working out for 6 months but only got serious about it 2 weeks ago. These are my results
What I've found really helped me is this great little cream... I just rub it on my balls every night like so
I've been trying to stay natural as far as I can but I have to admit I did try some creatine when I first started
I never get over his massive forearms..
Forearms are so underrated. I hate the look of small forearms with well developed bis/tris. Forearms round out the look of the arms so well.  Perfect examples other than Heath are the Huh brothers.
Olivia Jr has some joocy ass forearms as well. 
Tfw his forearms look like your calves
Tfw they don't
Saw a dude in the gym with his forearm insertions and had to stop and mire. Obviously they weren't this big, but the insertions look good regardless.
His forearm insertions aren't that low if you notice, they are just massive and the muscle belly is full.
Great smile insertions
That fullness is inhuman
almost mutant
some might even say gifted fullness
You do realize the company he headed for a while was called gifted nutrition, right?
You do realize his nickname is "The Gift", right?
I do, I was making sure the guy above me knew at least part of the joke 
Marvel joke vs supplement company joke in this sub... 
Since y'all gay ass fuck anyway I'm just going to say it... that is one beautiful smile.
I'd let him fuck me  no homo though
Number 1 favorite Reddit comment, hands down. 
"gay ass fuck"  Freudian slip?
Big Lenny? Is that you?
He was already an ifbb pro here. I have the magazine with this picture. It was an article on how he was undefeated. Phil didn't lose until going against Kai at the Arnold Classic when he got sick to his stomach.
Arnold has one as well. Michael strahan has GOAT gap lol 
arnold is the first picture tho
Whoops didn't see separate links on mobile
lol brah do ya even lift kent? 
who's kent
Fucking upper chest.
Born this way 
It's almost as though he doesn't even have to try. Like he's just... Gifted.....
The gear has caused Phil's face to look like he's 60
dang he's so little
he looks a lot younger in this, like a year or so after he switched from basketball to bb'ing
A year?
Definitely no more than 4 months
4 weeks with LDG
Phil Heath is perfect.  Edit
Thank goodness you're here to inform us
"I still think he uses just as much as any other pro"  We're gonna put that one in the blatantly obvious category for now...
Do you live under a rock?
Apparently there is no google under said rock either.
He had an accident and was hospitalized for a bit. He plans on making a comeback 
Even after not lifting for all that time and after surgery the dude still looked juicy af. 
Hit by a car and broke some neck bones.  Had surgery to fix them up but at that point the Olympia was only a couple months away.  
I read it was a training injury. Where did you find that it was a car?
Where did you find that it was a training injury? 
Was the car okay?
lol I actually looked to see if there were any pictures posted of it.  I was kind of hoping to see a comically deformed car but am guessing just some body damage.  
Holy shit he looks Ill as fuck 
Thanks man, really need to find a better color. Pro-Tan crushes my vascularity and definition beneath... I've been meaning to buy some LSR, but I heard self-application for that blows. Most shows don't offer spray tan out here so I'm left doing solo coats at home.  Also, looked far more shanked the following day after this massive carb up despite hitting a mild carb up the day prior. I did another show that Sunday, but came in a bit flatter. Definitely figured out my peaking strategy though this season 3 shows deep.
I'm more impressed that you literally went up a cup size after eating.
Lolol
Because dying is fun.
Hey now we all die 
1dayumay
Jesus that's dry
Can someone explain the order of events here?  Chest is noticeably bigger in first picture. Is that prior to the binge? Or did you binge right before you went on stage (that certainly doesn't make sense)?  I can't piece it together.
Yeah that's literally 20 min apart. Both are post-show, left is right when I got home. Then a shower on the right, blam, next picture.  I assume the difference in pecs is mainly because the pose was slightly different. Picture on the left is relaxed dead hang arms, on the right I flared my lats a bit and shoulders popped some so chest got stretched a bit. That's the only thing I can think of.
Wow, my eyes must be fucking with me because I would have guessed you were HElla depleted in the 2nd picture. Either way you reached some incredible conditioning and your side by side of you and Jeff Seid is solid as fuck. 
The chest and mid section look completely different in the right. I didn't know pro tan had that much of an effect.
Wow, Jimmy Fallon is cut as fuck.
Started around 82kg 24 weeks out ended around 73kg, lowest I hit was 72.5kg carb depleted.
Full on dickskin. Good shit
are you half white/korean?
Yezzur, father was Korean and mother is Caucasian American.
Holy fuckin shit dude. Mirin' hard
mirin biceps
Unfortunate waist genetics I feel his pain 
Filter gains
Dang dude, that's crazy. Congrats.  As a side question, how do you feel about Korean gym etiquette?
How much did your weight change between those photos 
It's literally within 20 min pic to pic.
Oh wow ok. Thought there was some change in water weight over a few hours or something.
5k cals is a binge? lol That's cute, you sweet, innocent child.
5k bulking cals, 1 meal doing IF
It's still a binge regardless, just not a massive one.
Jesus christ it was a joke. You people love to argue semantics.
"Stay safe nipples" lol
Rofl,I'm noob on sterons. If you 2x the dose do you have a lot of chances for gyno?
dont do it if you are not getting help from a professional  youre playing russian roulette
Na you can just feel the gland behind it and they droop down a bit
Well steroids can cause gyno so i assume if you take more steroids you have more of a chance of getting it.
We need a more experienced dude to enlighten us natty nubs.
The more aromatising gear you take the more AI you need to take to prevent gyno.  You have to have your estrogen levels in check to get maximum results.
Yeah you're right sorry about that. Edits are to be made.
I didn't understand much.That means what you said is correct.
Dat logic
A great number of steroids aromatize (convert) to estrogen. This process is done by the aromatase enzyme, which is located mostly in bodyfat. The more bodyfat you have the more your estrogen can shoot up, causing horrible effects for males. You can control that by taking something that will disable that enzyme with an aromatase inhibitor. Aromasin (exemestane) being a popular one.
Understandable.
When I met him the other night he told me he doubled the tren after breaking up with his girl. He's going for them breakup gains
Sounds emotionally healthy 
Didn't Calum mention he was going off for a while? That lasted about as long as it took for him and Karina to break up.
She has a hot brother?
He ever say why they broke up? 
I wonder if she tried to get him to stay off (ya know, sabotaging his career). 
He does have a Youtube channel, but has only posted a few videos. I wish he was more active
Yeah it was awesome,with the pokemon theme song haha. It was for another channel i dont think he has his own.
Yeah, that's the one. Wish he made a vlog. I watch less and less gaming channels and instead more fitness/bodybuilding/food channels.
"If you're wondering why I'm in this scooter, it's because my legs are a bit sore and I have a strict no leg day policy.. so that's why" haha 
I've been following Jon for a while. Someone called him out for having gyno and he said something to the effect of "silly mortal,you have to do what you have to do if you want to leave humanity behind" he's pretty funny and the honesty is refreshing 
check 2 posts before this one, he gave his camera to a grandma to record him flexing lmao
"double the dose, double the gains" saved you a click
Everyone here is. still gonna click to gawp at his physique
He posted about a month ago he was tired of just maintaining and wanted to start making gains. I assume he was on a TRT level dose like 200mg a week and doubled it up to more of a bodybuilding dose say 400mg or more.  It not as if he was taking 600mg and doubled to 1200mg.
Could also be other compounds, It's not uncommon for experienced users to jump from  350mg/wk of test/tren/mast 700mg/wk
Trt is more like 100 mg/wk. looks like he's bulking for real anyhow, that's good for him
i wish i knew exactly what his gear cycle consist of lol
I would guess similarly. He probably stays year round on 150mg test/wk. Up it to 500mg Test and throw in Deca for a bulk. Drop to 250mg Test and throw in 700mg Tren and 700mg Masteron to get shredded.
nah. TRT dose never exceeds 150mg. That's not an insignificant amount. It'll still put your test levels in the high 800-1000 range. I would suggest getting a blood test done. Just don't get your hopes up on the first doc you visit. Anything close to 300 (which is low) is considered normal to most doctors and they won't give you anything. You'll have to shop for a bit.
I'm considering just self-medicating - I figure that at TRT doses I probably wouldn't even need an AI. Hopefully. Was thinking of starting out at 100mg/week (or maybe even 50mg E3D / E3.5D).  Gotta see how the bloodwork turns out and see the doc first tho. Having an appointment next week. Just hope I don't have one of those shitty doctors that is all "oh you're at 300ng/dl (before 30 years old wtf) you don't need anything" or even one of those that's like "Okay I'ma give you 200mg per month".
Get an AI anyway. Better to have an not need than to need and not have. Aromasin is the best one. It prevents e2 spikes in the event you miss a dose.
Yeah maybe just stuff it in the fridge. Just in case.  TRT has got to be a bit of a pain when it comes to travelling, though. Might just have to order patches instead cos I feel like those are easier to sneak through customs.
There are esters that have a very long halflife (less frequent dosing for stable blood levels). I think the longest is Undeconate, which could theoretically be dosed once every two weeks, but not available by prescription I believe, only self treatment. 
Nebido
Or pre load some insulin syringes. They gonna debate you on being diabetic? Nope. 
Do they let people bring needles on the plane, though? Have to travel a bit for work here and there.
Prob not too far off. Looks like he likes to party so id assume he stays away from orals
Yeah idk wtf you just said but i agree.
lol 
Just ask him on snapchat. He almost for sure will reply. I asked him a ton of questions on roid and he s been real patient. Cool dude 
He gave detailed answers on his ask.fm a couple months ago
just ask him dude he prob doesnt give a fuck tbh
Down to Earth as fuck
It's the same with back movements. Don't focus so much on your grip on the bar or dumbells. Relax your grip, and focus on pulling with your elbows almost as if they're attached with strings. This applies to any rowing or pulldown movement and also applies to the dumbell lateral raises you're referring to.
What angle would you recommend keeping the elbows at for lateral raises
As long as you keep the elbows higher than your wrists, that's the key. How straight you keep your arms is more of a personal preference, so as long as you're controlling the weight and not swinging too much (unless you're trying to sneak in a few cheat reps). I do the Bradley Martyn method of training side delts and opt for high volume, generally very light weight that I can control (for me its 15 lb dumbells) and then I'll do 15 to 20 reps for 3 to 5 sets.
Mechanically, the movement is easier the more bent your arms are, because it move the weight closer to your body.   I try to keep a slight elbow bend and slightly rotate my arm(pinky up at the top)
I find the lateral raise machines are really good for that. They take your wrists and forearms basically out of the equation.
I'm always tempted to recruit my lats when I use that machine. Plus my gym doesn't have one, which is a bummer. But that's alright. Plenty of free weights to go around. 
Brilliant hashtags.
Not impressed tbh fam. 'Mirin forbsure but he used to look better than this awhile ago.
lol this, i'm srs like wtf? He looks like me after a nice shoulder workout.
Got anything to back that up brah?
If it would make you happy i could just post a picture after an upper body workout some day? Just think of it this way, if your mind wasn't tainted with the "oh he's on gear" thing. Wouldn't you push yourself harder at the gym being that you have no mental limit?
Haha that's not what this is about at all. My point is that if you say "I look as good/better than this guy" without any evidence you just sound like some dude on his computer talking shit.
You look great. Are you natty?
Bruh you're hella skinny and prob weigh sub 200
I do weigh sub 200. Most people who see me in person are astonished i'm not at least 190. But hey i'm chilling on what people consider long term goals. 
People aren't fond of your negativity IMO so they're not taking your post well, but if nobody else will say it, I will. You're doing pretty good physique wise.  
That is extremely unlikely. But if it is the case, there's no way you're half as shredded. 
This sub is a fucking joke. 
Good caption, although not true, AFAIK. Diminishing returns and all that...
Anyone with a brain?
That's not even a question tho 
I cant get over his inbuilt lifeguard belt.
I honestly feel bad for him. All that work and his obliques basically look like shit no matter what he does.
he had a very standard bb midsection before, either growth done fucked him up or he's actively going for that look to differentiate himself
he probably syntholed his obliques srs. his physique looks so off, something isn't right.
He looks almost like he's made out of bubbles. Gives me a synthol vibe. But then again I basically know jack shit about bbodybuilding. 
He's got a straight Piano chest.
I thought he's in jail
What for?
Commenting so that I can see the answer 
Busted someone's face
Nice. I hope the story comes out
Ya, wtf happened there. His sponsors lawyer him tf up?
Yah and they deleted his facebook .... he already had the gym part down.
am I the only one that thinks his physique looks like ass?
"Cutting down to 155 body weight and starting over" wouldn't work simply because that would not change his horrendous midsection genetic.  He could go full skeletor and bulk back up and still look like he stuffed a bag of warm butter under his skin around his waist
Flair checks out 
You are literally the only one. All of the rest here love his physique . Your opinion has never been mentioned before
Fucking worst midsection
I'm with you, obviously better than me, but I'm not 'mirin at all
Lol, not quite the oil I was thinking of
He's talking about synthol.  It looks like a synthol chest.
I hate this guy's physique
nah that's not oil, he just got implants 
Absolutely oil not loyallll
I really want to know what he thinks of his obliques that looks disgustingly unaesthetic 
I would be pissed if I had obliques like that, lol. I thought my waist was bad but seeing this makes me feel better.
titties baby please
Bro that is oiiiilll, some unnatty titties baby please 
Elephant testieees baby pleaseee
he has so much oil in his pecs it's not even aesthetic, The only thing I like about him is his dancing at muscle mania, shit was dope.
I hate dudes that have this obvious GH look to them. If you are going to do that much gear, at least let your body look natural/proportioned/aesthetic. This just looks fucking retarded.
Are you literally retardation
If you take steroids while doing nothing, nothing will happen. Like me, I've been on blast then suffered an injury and stayed on while not working out, nothing happened, no aweae growth.... because steroids only respond with growth when growth is stimulated through muscle repair from working out
Can you explain how this is gear doing all the work? Looks like he's lifting to me.
The steroids are like a symbiote, they take over all motor control, he is no longer in control. The steroids will now do their own bidding
.... those are some heavy ass shrugs man. Tf you want? 
A true bodybuilder would go down in weight and have better form
The way that it hangs stationary throughout the whole video despite all the movements he does really does look unnatural.  
I think everyone knows bbers use roids and possibly oil, however, in my opinion, these pecs ain't looking good. Whether that's because of oil, training issues or something else, it could be worth discussing instead. 
if you're judging by the striation, it's attainable with synthol in appropriate amounts.  I'd say he's most definitely on the oil, and I think he's doing a shitty job.  
I'll also add that his core genetics suck.  
That was 6 weeks ago. 
Do what?
Where did you wander in from? Do you have an adult with you?
someone doesn't know where he is
Dicks out for Harambe.
New favorite comment 
Well boys it finally happened. My hottest gym crush accidentally sipped from my shaker cup. We've pretty much made out now. I'm progressing the relationship by ignoring him because that's a good courtship display.  Got impatient with pre-bulk diet (it's going ok but slow) and started taking a fat burner again. Feels great but here's hoping I won't have to act normal between the hours of 7-5 in the coming weeks.  Staying with my parents while sorting out visa stuff in the other country I live in and it's bittersweet knowing I'll likely leave because I really love my parents.
I'm imagining you strategically planting your shaker cup near him throughout your workouts, hoping this will eventually happen.
Actually, in the moment the instinct to protect my shaker cup was greater than the instinct to get some p in the v and I more or less ran over shouting "STOP STEALING FROM ME"
Yea and don't forget to take more steroids to shrink your brain, hhe hhe.
...even going as far as to purchase the same shaker cup with this very intention.
Not planning to do a show but fuck posing always looks outrageous and awesome when I see it on mirin Mondays or a pros vid clip that gets posted. I'm still way to fucking irrelevant to pose anywhere other than in a small dark room of my own place lol, but are there any good sources in how to learn how to pose? You tube videos explain what to do and how to do it. Like seriously how the fuck y'all get thst cobra turtle shell popping?
I'm on the same boat.  I want to practice just for the sake of practicing.  It's such an elegant art form.
What do you feel is the difference, if any, between stationary and walking lunges? Very rarely have I seen this subject discussed.
I tend to do walking lunges. I can't really say for sure other than the fact that you might need to use more stability for walking lunges. 
I think walking lunges target glutes more (as opposed to quads) because of your momentum? But everyone looks at you like you're a fucking nuisance
No no no. If it's you, you have an important exercise to do and everyone is in your way. If it's someone else, then they're an asshole.  It's like a traffic jam. In reality, you're just another car making the problem worse, right? Wrong, you have somewhere to go and everyone else is the problem.
Today was leg day and now the girl wants to go rock climbing.  Ya boy here is about to be dead. At least tomorrow is a rest day. 
Calf raises on the hack squat machine are the truth. 
Explain pls
Can really load up the weight on it and hammer out reps. Calves actually cramped up trying to get out of my car lol 
Fuck I've never used that machine... Weird. Perhaps I should.l maybe try 
I tried the calf raise machine instead of doing barbell calf raises and god damn it is so much better in every way, make sure to try out different things people you never what will work better for you.
Gym I'm working out at this week has a donkey calf raise machine. You better believe I'm hitting that up
How often are you benching...? Everyone's gotta start somewhere, so not hating, but if you're only doing 85 pounds right now, you should be flying up in weight unless you're a 50 pound grill. 
Again, how often are you benching? 
I just edited it in at the last minute sorry   2x a week on PPL
2x should be fine but since you're struggling, make it 3.  Are your arms weaker and holding you back? Do you do any other chest exercises?  I'd hammer my arms, specifically triceps, and chest after one of my bench sessions per week if I were you.   You could also try sliding one of your sessions to a different rep range, like 6-8 or 8-10 reps.  You could also try making one bench session per week incline bench to mix it up a bit.
Just saw this... Good.
So you're working on a bodybuilding split for strength training?  Perhaps you should try a strength program.  Also, pushdowns and dips aren't the best tricep exercises.  Skull crushers (and the mark rippetoe variation on youtube - look it up) and close-grip bench are much much better.
At this point I'd take a look at the big things. Form, diet, and sleep.   Go back to square one. Completely relearn the lift as if it was your first day in the gym. See if there''something you may have missed. Take 5-10lbs off and work on it.   Second take a look at your diet and sleep. Are your overworked? Not sleeping enough, not eating enough? Maybe you need a week off. 
dude not to sound like a dick but if you can't bench 90lbs and you've been trying to up your strength something is seriously wrong.   
Well have any suggestions?
are you doing 5x5 rn?
Nah I'm doing PPL    I have another session this week so I'll try to bring it up    My other lifts are 145 for deadlift, and 90 for squat
How long have you been working out and how much time do you spend in the gym each session?  
Been working out for 2 months, but this month was the first month of real consistency.  No missed workout other than maybe one (First 1 1/4 month was me doing dumbbell bench cause I preferred it over barbells, and then for squat my form was just all types of fucked up)    Usually spend about 1 hr 15 min or so each session   
are you a male? do you push yourself in the gym? Are you watching and counting what you eat?
Yes yes and yes 
how much do you eat? How much do you weigh and how much protein are you eating a day?
I'm just reiterating what others have told me   I left the gym do I can't film anything right now 
I doubt you have perfect form after such minimal time lifting. I've been at it for years and there's always little tweaks you can make
You sound afraid of 90 pounds. Don't be afraid of it. 
Nah I just did it today for one set    My left leg starting dancing so I dropped back down (not to mention my upper body form breaking down as well)
How much do you weigh? If your form is decent, I'd bet that you're simply not eating enough to facilitate strength-gains (and muscle-growth)
Dude, you've essentially only just started lifting and you're incredibly light. Keep crushing food and keep working hard. If your weight isn't starting to increase at a relatively significant pace, you're not eating enough, and you've found your problem. Mixing up your programming and adding in whatever exercises that people recommend won't help too much without your diet being in check
Wait what?   I'm confused.   I just said that I am gaining weight, which means I'm eating enough.  I've gained 8-10 lbs over 2 months and am increasingly eating more every week.  My diet is in check.   But I don't disagree with your last statement there
Still, you should see your bench increasing as your weight increases (again, assuming your form is good). There's a reason people pursue a bodyweight bench initially...you're right where I'd expect you to be at your weight. I was able to get to a bench of around 200 with Starting Strength, which has basically no accessories, and I think most people can have that experience. The experience being that you don't need to fuck around with accessories or crazy amounts of volume to increase your bench, but, hey, do what you will. I'm sure it'll increase no matter what you do as long as your bodyweight is increasing, your form is good, and you're getting adequate rest
I use dumbbells for incline   And I can get 90 lbs up, but after 3 reps my form breaks.  Like, if I went for my 5th rep at 90 lbs I would've had one of those benching accidents.
Well then keep doing 3 reps at 90 until you can do more reps at 90
Anyone have suggestions for good pump products? Was using NO3 by cellucor for a while but ran out and it's pretty expensive to keep buying.
just buy some raw citrulline malate (8g) and agmatine sulfate (750mg-1g) and take preworkout.  Awesome pump from the agmatine especially, and it lowers your tolerance to weed too so thats a bonus if you toke
Does the amount of protein from whey protein powder you consume in a day matter? I am talking to a nutrition major who says you shouldn't consume more than 30g of your daily intake from powder.   I personally have never worried much about where my daily protein comes from, I just try to hit my 150g-180g every day.  Articles/ sources would be needed to back up either side of the argument
Don't think it matters much but most people seem to recommend real food cause its more satisfying but if youre good with shakes then do it. Believe it's all personal preference. I guess you'd have to check the value of powder vs real food in regards to cost 
Your nutrition major is talking out of their arse, it doesn't matter.
They usually do unfortunately
No. 
lol no  Where does he think whey comes from? It comes from food, just in powder form... people eat peanut butter... which is ground nuts that are then hydrogenated... Basically the same thing. 
Any tips for stalled bench? Been stuck for about 3 months, very frustrating. 
Switch to heavy dumbbell presses for a few weeks.  Got me out of my plateau. 
Some dude at the gym yesterday was doing underhand grip bench press on the smith machine he set it up so. He was pressing from his belly area and doing quarters reps lol
Underhand grip is a thing. Quarter reps from your stomach, not so much.
Oh word? Seems like a one way ticket to snap city if you press with your hands as if you were curling what benefit does that give 
Lighter weight and higher reps . It's a chest building monster. Same with underhand grip cable flies. I've started to finally see some serious results from them. Knock some out next time. I use a barbell or cables...less dangerous but more so bc i do it after bench 
Love handles have become noticeable but squat approaches 4pl8.  Such is bulk.
Sick. I'm only on 2pl8 squat. Can't wait to hit 3. Imma shit in the squat rack with joy
Anyone else have the best arm pump after they pay ol Willy Pete a visit? Nope, just me? Cool cool
When I'm on steroids, I can get pumps just by washing my body in the shower, so when I visit Willy Pete, you better believe all kinds of blood is flowin'
Maybe the key to Popeye arms is living like a true high school male with unlimited wifi access... 
Chewing food kills me. 
How often are you steroids?
As often as Jesus was magical
Just kiss the bicep and wink at them say nothing else if they were even talking about you 
There are some thirsty dudes at the gym today. 
well you are a chinese goddess after all
It would've been nice if I was treated like it, LOL. One guy was like, "Give me your number so I can start texting you". Not even asking me, telling me. That's not how it works. I have no idea how anyone can be that brazen. 
There wasn't any info in the wiki. How do you find a coach in your area? I looked at the NPC/IFBB website for my area, but there wasn't anything specific about coaching, or how to find one.
You don't find them, they find you
I guess I sort of expected this from Reddit.
Go to shows and talk to people.
If I'm not mistaken, show season is winding down. The nearest one to me would be 6 hours away, and is this weekend. And then that's it for 2016.
Oh. Well then you're fucked.
Now I'm reminded why I don't get advice from dudebros. A cesspool of information.
Shrug. You do you, sister. I had no problem finding local coaches.
Found mine, and multiple other options, by looking online.
If you have a "serious" gym in your area where bodybuilders or powerlifters go then there should be some around. Other than that it looks like your best bet would be searching the Internet for some online coaching. What are you hoping to get from a coach? 
I wear those just for fun. Like the, "Will squat for tacos" made me laugh so I bought it. I wore a "cheat day" tank today while deadlifting. They're just fun, silly, shirts. I hardly consider them to be glamorizing bad habits. And, IIFYM, then why not?
I mean, we were going to judge those people anyway, so is it really the shirt? 
Are you telling me looking like a bag of smashed assholes isn't ideal?
What are you a commie 
I went to a college football game on Saturday and there was a marines tent out front in the lot with a pull up bar. Did a solid 20 and got a free hat and my name on the board. Then I look over and see the next dude in line doing the crossfit pullups where you just swing your head over the bar. What the fuck? The marines were totally cool with it. Does that shit count in legit boot camps too?
Do you have a video example? Dunno if what that looks like 
Damn that looks like he's possessed 
there is absolutely negative chance that those shit show pull ups count in a real boot camp
Yeah, no fucking way. One of my friends in the marines got DQed because he accidentally swung his foot like 3 inches. 
Kipping pull ups. Fuck that. My rotator cuff hurts just looking at people doing those. 
If you're looking for foods high in fats, then bacon, and sausages are high in calories and fat. Btw weigh yourself daily. If you're natty then you should aim for 1lbs per 2weeks. Remember bro, calories are the most important factor in a lean bulk, not so much what you eat.
Dude its really easy...  Just add a banana and peanut butter and you're there. 
Buffalo wings are 100kcal a pop, and I know nine year old girls who can eat twenty in one sitting.
They don't have chicken in Eastern Europe? Butter? Hot sauce?
lean bulk doesnt mean eating clean it just means eating 250 above maintenance. No carbs sounds shitty esp on a bulk.... You can have shit food as long as u hit your macros
? Are you saying eating burgers and fries will create a different physique than meats and eggs? Health wise you will suffer from eating shitty food but visually the only difference would be a little more bloating from sodium  or something 
Of course health wise it's important. Why are you going to fill your body with fillers, sodium and high fats when you could eat clean to keep your lipids/chol, sodium in check?   That IIFYM is just the easy way out for lazy people. 
Where the fuck are your oats and rice? I was on keto for a while too, the thing is you just need to add them slowly. Add 50g's of carbs a day for a few days, then another 50g's so on and so forth.  It's going to be near impossible hitting a solid 3k without carbs. 
You know carbs help give you energy and replenish your muscles after lifting, right?  You know fats help regulate hormones and shit, right? I guess with eggs, pork and milk your fats might be ok... but maybe not at the same time.  I would feel like absolute shit if that was all I ate. Add some rice, peanut butter, potatoes, fatty meats, etc.
just a yummy snack 
Nothin' to it, homie. Keep it up
If it fits your schedule better than sure, but I think doing a PPL split with that type of periodization would be more beneficial. I'm not sure how splitting the same workout into two different sessions would be too beneficial. Maybe if you did push/pull split into two sessions? Like chest in the morning back at night?
 I think the biggest thing is that it would actually fit my schedule better.  I was doing PPLx2 M-Sat.  It got to be a bit much and I couldn't keep it going or I'd miss a day here and there which would throw off the whole week.  This program would be 4 days a week and with an AM and PM session.  Each session is only around 30 minutes and I think it would actually fit my schedule better.  Breaking it up like that seems like you'd have more energy and feel like you can give it your all each session.  
Won't hurt to try it. All I know is it may be hard for certain things like squats. Idk if I would be able to do those twice in a day, heavy sessions kick my ass enough 
Did it once. No real difference. Most "benefits" u find in articles are minute at best. 
I normally lift in the morning but I bench every other evening.  Iced coffee PWO and chill music is all I need.  I do high-volume flat bench with hammer curl, regular curl, lat raise, or DB fly supersets.  Minimal rest.  Maybe 45 minutes.
In my opinion 2 a days will do two things deny you a proper pump or you pump so hard your recovery is slower there for your lifts the following workout may suffer a bit due to slightly more fatigue than 1 a day. Because your either going ham twice a day and obviously that's more taxing than once a day or you adjust your workout since you're doing 2 a days to a softer workout so that you don't get as fatigued for your following workouts therefor getting less optimal sessions vs 1 a day.   But it all boils down to personal preference just providing my insight hopefully it helps 
Just squatted 365 for 9 with probably 2 in the tank, feels amazing. Have a great day lads
That's my squat 1RM chief.
I feel like if the cops are searching your place, you probably have a pretty good idea "what the hell"
Drugs? Sex workers? Gear? Bodies? 
i wrote nudding 
Gear AND your brother or your brother's gear?   Also, sucks man. Good luck. 
 fucked up . Thanks bro.
Thats so beat dude. No reason to go through all that trouble. Best of luck to him
Dealing? or personal use? Feel like they wouldn't go through the trouble if its just personal use..
Damn- guessing he was dealing. Might want to delete this just in case. 
just tell them the donkey porn isn't yours
yeah, told em that once they entered our home.
What country are you in?
Germany.
You guys feelin those "Fall blues?" as soon as it got colder around here I've just been feelin low energy and having shit workouts. How do you guys deal with it? 
Make sure to get your vitamin D3, zinc and fish oil to counter any SAD effects, and if that doesn't work then ask your doctor if Growacet is right for you 
Growacet changed my life.
Haha Growacet sounds like a legit product. I've never supplemented d3. I'll pick some up 
D3 is magic. I used to get all sorts of depressive mood swings and regular supplementation of D3 cut that shit right out.
I moved down south. Fuck grey skies. Even when it's cold down here it's sunny. 
my plan ... one day
Take vitamin D you need to take it with some fat to get it to work get plenty of light early in the morning.
Moved to Phoenix.
Man, I miss the haboobs.. and the boobs themselves. 
I also live in SoCal but I consider sub-65 cold and partly cloudy skies as dark and dreary.
I wish we had the weather for fall blues at least this week is cool probably won't last 
FL here. It was hot as balls before. Now its perfect. 
Tough Mudder was awesome even though I've never been so cold in my life. I suggest you guys give it a shot if you have any interest.
Shrugs. Neck bridges. Shitty form deads.
Those are your traps. Gotta do shrugs, upright rows, face pulls, high chest supported rows, plate lifts the whole way from your waist to above your head, etc. 
Cheat shrugs , cheat yates rows.  I find that cheating on those and rows give me a better back pump and I see progress faster than doing them super strict.
As others have said, those are traps. To add in to what they have listed, snatch grip rows work bery well for me, and make sure u pull the elbows all the way through
What's the best outer tricep head exercise? Want to hit it a bit more 
Dutch rudder.
I barely even know her 
Tricep pushdowns
Been up for 30 hours and counting... pulled an all nighter to get a bunch of work done and had a full day of class. Somehow hit my sesh this morning, albeit it was the slowest lift I've ever gone through. I feel like I'm perma-baked
Hit some nap sets 2x4 bro
Maybe eat a tad above maintenance? I always find I heal better when I'm eating more
Are you me? I thought I eat 5'7, but now I'm 5'6.58 and still a teen and I started getting wrist pain too... Is your wrist pain near the ulnar? 
Not exactly sure but I googled "ulnar nerve" and it seems about right. So maybe we are the same person only I'm from the alternate timeline where you're obese.
i got some gyno so close enough 
oh yeah got told today "don't lose any more weight" uh, wat. Don't neg me bro.
Have always been self conscious about my size. Have always felt way too small compared to other people. Until today when I'm class a guy walks in who I could tell obviously lifts and I was mirin low key. Guy sits in front of my with his shirt on inside out and tag says XS. (I wear and XL-L depending on brand) is this what confidence feels like?
Has she tried to kill you yet? Thrown medical things at you? Swore to never fuck you again? Do you even 10cm dilated bro.  Good luck man. It's one hell of a ride.
Incline db press makes me want to cum so I replaced the bench with it. Who else
Man comparing yourself to others really is a slow kind of death. No matter the length of time you've been training, the intensity, the mindset, etc different people progress at different paces. Just gotta stay get used to living in the grind I guess.
Saw a bloke in full tough mudder gear head to toe. He had a tough mudder tattoo on his calf. Doing his food shopping.   I think the dude likes tough mudder.
I love this sub and how many weird ass inside jokes there are in here. The lifting culture can actually be so funny when you go deep into it. Bunch of self-loathing cunts who are all socially whack af but we got mooscles. 
I'm socially dope as fuck 
My dad did a few Iron Mans when I was little. As a 6'4 250lb ish dude, and usually placed middle of the pack.  I know, multiple. What a nutcase. 
Respect. Usually the dudes doing ironman races are like 150 lbs haha. 
Do a marathon for starters. Hardest thing I've ever done and will be a kick ass hashtag. There aren't many people you meet in day-to-day life that have ran marathon.   Lifting will have to go out of the window though. Training for it will consume all your time. 
Might as well do Crossfit
I wouldn't go that far. 
You went further... Crossfit still has weights...
I know, but runners don't feel the need to tell you they are runners the first second you meet them. 
Are you advocating a marathon over lifting in r/bb?
Yeah I think I'm going to do a sprint next summer. Pretty short so I might be able to survive
But then I can't hahtag IronMan in my social media. 
Why do anything if it doesn't have a sick fucking IG hashtag?
I know what im being for Halloween this year
shh no tears bb
Jesus Christ that's a lot of cardio, I can't even swim to one end of the pool and back without almost drowning
 FWB pulled my shirt off today and goes "god you're so toned" and I had to hold the tears back.   I don't want to be toned bb, I want to be yuuuge. 
I just wanna hear "what the fuck you look like a freak"
I hate cutting, I just wanna get fat as fuck
I guess for Halloween I will be a spooky skeleton because I am still cutting and there is nothing underneath the chub. 
looks like you getting on that 8 hour side raises boyo
Ken motherfucking Bone. That is all. 
Just ran into some dude at the gym who was walking around making snide remarks to everyone he could.   I keep track of my weight progression using fitnotes so in between sets I check my phone. Nobody is waiting on me to use my dumbells so I'm sitting on my bench. Dude literally walks by me and says word for word "Get off your fucking phone." I stared him down and was like "excuse me? what the fucks your problem" he just walked to the other side of the gym.  Dude proceeded to walk up to another guy that was working out with headphones in and pointed at him and said "get some real fucking shoes." Guy was just working out in chucks. 2 years at this gym ive never seen this guy or ran into someone do this shit, i'm beyond pissed.  going to talk to management tomorrow and see if this guy has any prior complaints.
Dude sounds legit pyscho. Tread carefully.
There are angles where it looks like I might have traps. There are literally no angles that make it look like I have calves.
Chest/Back day master race. I feel like my torso is going to pop and showering is hard but fuck it that pump is the best
I failed at 175 5x5 bench for like the fourth time even though I got it a couple weeks ago before getting sick. Fuck me I just wanna look like a Gears of War character but I'm weak
I love carbs 
Sometimes I wish I was a guy so I could say gay shit to you guys on /bb.  When I say it it's bullshit and hetero.
Stop lyin, there's no girls on the internet
You're right, I'm sorry bro. 
We are all homo on this blessed day
Work as an actor/model. Got denied a part in a MV cuz "my body is too big and i dont look gay enough" for the concept. Instead i landed a small part as a gay guy in a gay bar that ended up shooting the same day as the MV. The irony is real. They said i was big tho, so its all good.
Just casually suck a dick bro
Bringing my dad to the gym tonight. All he wants to do is bench.
Just like all of us
you look good friend.
Thank you. I really appreciate that 
Here, have an upvote. 
I wanna see pic 
Wait'll you see my calves
Nice work.  Could just be the angle or how you posed, but it looks like your chest is lagging. 
Yeah it is. Always has. Definitely hitting it hard this next bulk
Bit late, but try splitting your chest day into seperate parts. Like Mo - Flat and Fri-Inc. Also consider doing negativ presses aswell. And do loads of fly's.   Thats at least what helped me a lot.
mirin waist, pack on size and you'll have an even sicker v-taper
Thanks brah. Waist has always been pretty solid for me. Hopefully it won't suffer too badly when I get around 200 this year
I admire your will to post again. Looks good for 14 months just hit chest a bit harder. Good work brother. 
Thanks man I appreciate that. And yeah I'm gonna be hitting chest like 9x a week this bulk
Good work boss
Lookin good to me fam. 
Lol
It was a weird Monday. I got invited to a gay bar by this chick in my apartment complex that had already asked me to go to a concert with her in like two weeks so this is the point where I feel like she is into me. I get to the bar and meet her mom, moms boyfriend, two gay friends and another guy from our apartment complex. At the bar her moms boyfriend asked if I was single and don't get me wrong they were all really nice people. I'm pretty sure she is into me but I also think she is seeing a guy as a fwb type of thing so it has just been really confusing. 
What are u straight or something??
I have to do all of my pre-show primping starting today. Which includes getting all of the hair ripped out of my body and having an old lady give me claws for nails. Boyfriend is oblivious, all he has to do is put on board shorts. lucky mother fucker.
You don't have to be able to lift heavy, you just have to look like you can lift heavy. That's what I tell myself at least, so I can sleep at night. 
Time to get off that gay ass hetero shit
Try linearly progressing ur face
Have a FWB, sometimes I can't get it up a second time, or if I do I can't seem to cum. She doesn't mind since we've already done it at least once and she's cum a few times, but it fucks with me mentally when I can't, considering I can jerk off whenever I want, hard as a diamond.
Maybe ur gay?
So I haven't eaten chocolate in 2 years, and I've never had cravings that entire time. This week, week 5 of cutting, I have the most hard core craving for chocolate, like, I actually imagine the taste, texture and smell perfectly at various points through out the day.      Hold me brahs, 3 more weeks left before this is done.
Chocolate is not good for dogs
Sometimes I think I need a break from this sub just because I so often feel inadequate, guilty, small, weak, and generally not good about myself.    This place is super encouraging, but despite that it gets to me sometimes.  Its good the community is so uplifting even to the newer guys like myself.  Just gotta remember its all in my head, and keep on that grind.  Bodybuilding is supposed to improve our lives, we gotta remember that.
This sub is hella supportive and uplifting unlike a lot of Reddit that happens to be for some reason very angry and negative
I can deadlift over 450lbs and I go and pull a muscle putting clothes away... motherfuck. 
After back day sometimes if I wipe my lat pulls super hard, I've fallen nearly on shit covered tp too many times
I've started looking forward to the days when it's really sunny outside so I can get a good glimpse at myself in the half-natty reflection of my car windows.
Trained your mates pole?
Visiting a gym called "Die Hard Gym" while I visit the Phoenix area. I'm a 200lb male and I'm getting fucking dwarfed by everyone here. I'm the smallest dude every day.   This may be heaven. No homo. 
Am I the only one that notices my left tricep is bigger than my right or that my right bicep is bigger than my left or that my left lat sticks out slightly more than my right or that the separation from my shoulder and trap looks better on the left or that my right is less stable when doing dumbbell incline presses or does everyone else see it too and is laughing at me. 
Lawyer up bud
And uh hit the gym?
Got called swole today by a friend. He is one of the managers for a D1 football team. Not a big deal but made me feel good to know people ate noticing my progress. 
school/gym/sleep get her into gym mayne.
Was trying to max out 225 reps for bench and failed, had to do roll of shame but now I have a bruise around my belly button. Am I going to die?
No chance you're gonna make it brah, say hello to zyzz for us once you're up there
Natasha asked me to have coffee so we can "discuss all the things we have in common".  You're probably too busy, she says. Uh, no. not that busy.  
Gotta get this off my chest. I think my gril is having an episode of clinical depression. It's scary, as I'm pretty much helpless, and we don't live together. She's on a waiting list for counselling, but I'm trying to convince her to get her ass to the doctor asap.   Any of you bros dealt with this before? Feels bad man.
Did this, PM me if you wanna talk man
Thanks for the reply dude, everything is OK for the moment but I appreciate it.
I think it's important to be realistic with your goals. Optimally, your depression would entirely subside, but is that realistic? I'm not so sure
She's gotta get to the doctor. You're already doing the right thing but realizing that this is a chemical issue inside her and not judging her for it. Be supportive and never blame her or try and turn it in to a relationship issue. (It doesn't sound like you are at all, but just sayin for anyone else reading.)
Yep, thanks for the comment. Fortunately, I am well read about depression to know it's a neurochemical thing, and nothing to do with me. It's just scary to watch a loved one experience. I don't think she would ever tend to self-harm, but I know that depression is a risk factor for that, and that's troubling. Im just going to do my best to talk her into going to a doctor asap. 
Pump the brakes, homie. As someone that loves psychology and has studied it excessively, the "chemical issue" theory isn't substantiated just yet, especially in any individual case. It's an easy target to blame, and one that helps the individual and those that know them to feel blameless initially, but therapy will involve strategies independent of blaming neurotransmitter "imbalances," so it's best to not concretely subscribe to that belief
I am embarrassed that the world saw that grammar error...thanks for pointing it out, mom
For some reason, no one in my age group says that, so I like to toss it in occasionally (because I'm kewl)
Man fuck junior year engineering I don't have time to lift more than 3 times a week anymore let alone sleep/eat/go out/do anything other than complex math 18 hours a day. 
KEEP UP THAT GRIND. IT WILL PAY OFF. You've got the rest of your life to make bank and lift heavy shit and fuck dime bitches. Stay sick
Sitting in work canteen eating my lunch
To you all that talked sense into me to eat more, thank you. 6'3 185 and I was at 1600 cals. I realized I needed a new direction for a couple months and upped to 2900 too slowly build some strength.   Training is actually fun again, I have more energy during the day, my appetite is increasing, I'm more social and energetic the moment I wake up. The foods are whole, clean foods so I do get a decent volume too. 
After you have had time off and you you go back into the gym and everyone has made progress and you've gotta fat small and weak. Feelsbadman
It happened dudes and girl dudes.  Guy I met a while ago in the gym who disappeared saw me today and asked if I was on juice.  I don't think I've grown at all and I'm a pleb without a pump but I can die happy.  We're all gonna make it 
SHOO SHOO ROID MONSTER
helo
Nobody move until I say so 
I've been talking to a grill who throws in college, the back is broad bros
Charcoal or propane? 
Charcoal, she's natty
Do any of you have favorite motivational quotes that you read to yourself in hard times?  Please post them if you have them
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. -Arnold  
"If you always put limits on everything you do, physical or anything else, it will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them."  -Bruce Lee  "No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable."  -Socrates  "A well built physique is a status symbol. It reflects you worked hard for it, no money can buy it. You cannot borrow it, you cannot inherit it, you cannot steal it. You cannot hold onto it without constant work. It shows discipline, it shows self respect, it shows patience, work ethic and passion. That is why I do what I do."  -Arnold Schwarzenegger 
Don't be a sad kunt, be a sik kunt.   - zyzz
I want to be taller mang. 
Nah u should own ur height and be confident as fuck with it cause that shit is not gonna change
Classic manlet rationale
We want you to be taller too. 
manlet pls go
There's no such thing as having shorts which are too small for the gym right?
I've always half assed cutting, but today, I've decided to cut the bullshit, and actually take it seriously. Gonna look to make some serious shreds, and gonna stick with it for the rest of the month. The goal is full, blocky abs by halloween. Kill your lifts bros.
My car is going in for its MOT today and the garage is 2miles from my house, I've decided that I'm going to get my annual cardio session in and run home. Wish me luck
A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of manlets
Me and my girlfriend just adopted a dog this weekend. We can't pick him up until next Monday though. Still fucking exciting. Looking to move to San Diego at the beginning of January. Only problem is he may be a lab/pit mix. Anyone know how strict apartment complexes out there can be with breed restrictions? He hasn't had a DNA test yet but is definitely not a lab as the site says he is. Any advice would help. Currently live in NH so I may as well be moving to another planet. 
Tried water bread earlier today and while interesting, I don't think it's reached its full potential. Going to do some testing tomorrow and see what can be used instead of just plain water
I went to Trader Joe's for the first time last weekend. Is being attractive, healthy and full of life a requirement to shop there? Because literally everyone was thin and full of energy and at minimum a 7/10 in looks - and this is in a large midwestern city not known for it's beauty.
That's why I shop at Walmart. I'm afraid that an employee will spot me and ask me to leave if I shop at a place like Whole Foods.
Before I got married, I used to do most of my pick-ups in Whole Foods or Trader Joes just for that reason. They're a hotbed of fine looking women and dudes. Just watch out for the weird ass vegans.
Is protein shake bloat a real thing or am I just getting a belly? If it is, how do I avoid it? 
I used to bloat from protein shakes due to the lactose/nature of whey being a dairy derivative (which may be the same as blaming the lactose). I use pea protein now and don't bloat anymore
Lately my friends have been telling me that my chest is popping out of my t-shirts. I'm pretty new to lifting so it feelsgoodman. 
How much sleep do you get on average each night? 
Never enough. 6hrs average. 
3x10
Meh such a average session at gym. Muscles felt cold and stiff, couldn't get a pump going, everything too heavy. Of course soon as I leave for work I feel like going back and lifting. Just want to smash it next time 
An average workout is better tha no workout at all man, crush it next time
Stretch marks are getting yuuuge and they look rank, any tips? 
One of the silver linings of getting sick and having to buy a bunch of smaller tees so I didn't look like a kid that raided his dad's wardrobe is that I'm going to look extra swole in them as I gain weight and refuse to go back to my old wardrobe. 
What are your favorite leg exercises with free weights only? The gym I have to go to doesn't have any equipment but a few squat racks and a bunch of weights. Making me miss leg extensions and leg press real bad
Split squats. You'll get DOMS in areas you never knew existed.
Bench press 
Well since we're talking legs I'll just think when you say "Favorite" you mean what I hate with all of my heart. Barbell lunges, I never struggle psychologicaly as much as when I do barbell lunges. 
Fuck sakes boys.  How do you stay focused/sane when you're too hurt to train?  Haven't been able to lift normally since August because of a (stupid, STUPID) back/high glute injury. For the first week, I couldn't even walk properly, stayed out of the gym entirely for 15 days.  Started trying to ease back into it, bumped all main lifts down and kept my focus on rehab work, finally started to feel solid again only to aggravate my back/glute while stretching last week.   So now I'm back to the point of hobbling around like an 85 year old man. My ego can't handle feeling this useless/fragile.   I need a hug. 
WHY THE FUCK DO PEOPLE MAKE NEW THREADS FOR STUPID SHIT LIKE "does sodium effect my cut?" 
There's more to this sub outside of the DD?????
The same people that don't read the sticky on /fit/
Feels good to have girls from the gym sliding up in my DMs now that they see I'm single.
W A T E R B R E A D
Hit a 205 seated overhead press. Really wanted the 225 but only got it halfway. Old max was 185 for 1 standing...so i guess progress?
seated is a lot easier though so you can only guess
First so I'm obliged to beg Steve to fuck me. 
Hi it's me ur steve
Okay boys. I just pinned for my first time ever yesterday (just 300mg test) and I am still freaking out a little bit. ama. jk any tips?
I had my friend put it in my butt (I know what I said) and it was so painless smooth and i have barely any pip. I'm gonna do the other cheek next week because VG just seems terrifying
long story short I got 50 dollar credit at safeway. I usually just eat tuna and turkey slices and string cheese (see a trend? no cooking) but this week I am willing to cook some stuff. Anyone got any recommendations on foods to order (just high in protein low carbs) besides usual chicken breast/thigh and steak? Ground turkey?   And can someone give me a quick guide on how to cook meat/chicken? I am pretty hopeless tbh. 
Great thing for the oven that I do, I usually have 8 tp 10 oz chicken tits so it may depend on the size but I usually butterfly,  season and spread a little oIL on them after seasoning and bake 400 F in 25 ish min or 350 at 35 ish depending on my mood, always good  Beef is easy pretty much any way besides well done is right. I have mine blue rare.  Pork is similar to.chicken but if it's a touch pink it's fine, probably better cooking is real waay
So I guess I went pretty hard for Canadian thanksgiving. I gained 5 pounds over the weekend. It's okay though, I'm bulking (is what I keep telling myself) 
Starting to get back into the gym after being out for around two month. It's hard to find motivation sense my long time gym partner joined the military. Wish me luck in getting my gains back.
The gym rearranged the equipment again and I can't find some of my favorite pieces. Starting to panic
Pick it up and put it back where it belongs. By squatting the squat rack, you get double gains. That's just science.
I like lift
Women may like your body, but they will never understand why you put so much work into it, nor will they be happy about it. 
Women can say the same thing about us men 10x over
Women also lift weights, and do understand why men put so much work into it, because lots of them put equal work into theirs. They are also happy to have someone to work on their bodies with. 
I pretty much hate curls. That is all. 
so you also hate vagina too, right? 
He's on here, so probably
Good ass leg day
That time of the month eh?  
Not enough volume for me. I added the BBB 10x5 which was a good supplement but it's pretty damn exhausting. 
Any good lower back exercise recommendations?    I can only do DLs and good mornings so many days out of the week and my gym doesn't have a setup for hypers (except for one of these strange machines).    My upper back is filling out pretty nicely but my high lat insertions and lack of erectors make my low back almost non existent.  
Who here can dunk? If you can, how tall are you and what do you weigh?  For reference I'm 5'11 185 and can grab the rim with both hands off two feet but want to be able to dunk cleanly.
6', 200.
havent in awhile due to knee problems keeping me away.  6'5"
I read that as, "who here can drunk". And I was like, "well it's 5 o'clock somewhere, might as well start drinking to get ready for the weekend.
Is that from a dexa?
I don't know man. I eat pretty clean. Brown rice, chicken breast, vegetables, ect. Don't really drink. Obviously natty. Try to get my 8 hours as much as I can. Still almost never feel good. The best I can hope for is "mostly okay."
Hey it's me ur discount 
give me a free t-shirt and I'll take ur dumb survey
Haven't done any smashing in 3 weeks I need that after smash relaxed feeling. 
Three weeks? Jesus. What happened - have you been in Iran or something?
Over the weekend I was at a tailgate and got arrested for an MIP (minor in possession) and public intoxication. My court date is in a month, and my mother wants me to get a lawyer to try and get is esponged, but that's going to be pricey. Should I even bother with the lawyer and just pay the fine? How serious are these charges when it comes to employment ( I live in MS).
Just get a PD. Got a DUI when i was like 18 or 19. They'll probably give you ARD or something like that. If ur family is well off get a lawyer tho. It just makes shit easier
It was alcohol, beer in hand. It's my first offense. 
Hah yes, the government trying to protect you by ruining your life. 'Merica.
Okay bb, I have a problem. Hopefully you can help. I took a SARM cycle back in April/May and I came off fine. Did my PCT and felt great after that. Lost some weight (as expected) but gained it back naturally over the course of a few months. All was normal, I no longer felt suppressed, etc.   I'm now to the point where I feel like my test levels are down. Low libido, basically no sex drive at all. It's putting unwanted strain on my relationship. I'm just wondering if something like a PED can affect you way after taking it? I'm headed to the doctor for a physical in November and I'm going to get a full blood panel there, so I should have some concrete answers by then, but I just wanted to see bb's thoughts. Thanks bros
You'd probably get better answers if you posted this question over in r/steroids on the ask anything thread
/r/PEDS as well. They're all about SARMS
Which SARM did you use? MK? LGD? Osta? Typically you would bounce back from the suppression, and even better, you did PCT. My question is, did you use Torem or some other legit PCT or did you just use a BS test booster or OTC PCT supplements.  I heavily doubt it's the SARMS considering you're over 5 months out of the cycle.   What is your fat intake looking like? If it's low then that might be why you're feeling that way. 
His face is above average but not strikingly handsome. But combine it with being tall, white, non-balding, having a decent frame and a lean well proportioned physique and you have yourself a good looking guy. The rest of his features halo his face and make it look better.
Getting to the bottom of my wrist pain- seems like it is something to do with my ulnar. I really hope it is nothing serious but it feels like it might be. Anyone got any wrist strengthening movements? Just doing reverse wrist curls and wrist curls rn.   Also I got a question about ibuprofen. My doc has me on 600mg every 6-8 hours (i honestly dont know if its 6 or 8) and he says always to eat before so i dont fuck up my stomach and get internal bleeding. Is there a minimum amount of food I have to eat with ibuprofen? Because I am doing IF and it sucks having to have a meal in morning then lunch then dinner. Can I just have a cheese stick and be good? Am I over thinking it? 
You're over thinking the ibuprofen thing. GI side effects are primarily reversible upon discontinuation anyways.
Don't have much experience man just learning this stuff too 
alright thanks for the help tho 
Someone invent a fashion accessory that provides half natty lightning pls
I would buy this item, no price too large
Anyone here allergic to seafood? If so, are you still able to take fish oil?
If it's in your ribs then it's probably an intercostal and there's nothing you can do for it. So you can pretty much do anything that doesn't make it worse.
If it were me, I'd hold off for a few days and see how you're feeling. Also depends if it's soreness or pain 
Just rest it dude. I have a wonky lower back that sort of accumulates soreness over many weeks of heavy squats and eventually I have to say fuck it and just let it heal for a week.  Same idea.  Thing is if you are hurting you can go in the gym and work hard but you aren't going to progress because you are being hindered, plus you are just delaying your recovery from the injury.  In the end you're actually just slowing your progress overall.
How many have you guys have used the slingshot for bench? Thinking of buying one and im curious about how much it can actually assist someone
It's a decent tool to use for overload work. I would use it for a couple sets after your regular bench sets.
its fun to use and gets you used  to handling heavier weights,plus theyre fairly cheap 
About as much as adding 5 pounds a week like normal
Hop back on the train and consider it a refeed day.
Legitimately needed the proper reefed I think. Back in the gym today and it was the best I've felt in weeks. 12/10 would recommend.
Yeah, I was mostly joking...couldn't have had a better weekend really. Surprised my dad with the ALDS tickets for his bday too, and the game was one of the best I've been to. It was unreal.
Day 15 of my cycle. First day of the 3d week was chest day, and bench went up from 205x8 to 225x8, with 90s on the incline for 8.   Downside is, I pushed so hard with my entire body on those sets of 225 that I cramped up all in my legs and ass. So I bench 2 pl8s and start hobbling around like I just squatted 315 for 8....confused the hell out of my spotter
Bruh, take it slow. You don't want to injure something before the test even kicks in.  Wait until weeks 5/6 and then you'll be like "ohhhhh... that's what this feels like".
Who cares. Move on.
Got my kids plague. I feel like shit but I've missed way too many workouts. I was considerate and carried hand sanitizer and a spray bottle. Cleaned up after every lift. Now to go deal with another visit from corporate at work. They don't warrant hand sanitizer and disinfectant though.
Alright, cop bros what's the deal? You guys are defenders of the Law and men of justice. But why the fuck do you all suck dick at lifting. Nothing is done efficiently, with form, or any sort of reasoning behind it. Jus load up 5 plates to a side and show everyone how you can herniate a disk.   I apologize if I have offended any cop bros who are true believers of the iron, speaking on a phenomenon I've noticed recently in the two gyms I go to. 
Probably has nothing to do with the fact that they're cops, but just showing off/ego lifting without knowing any better
It's a coincidental thing for sure 
Man I have a nurse at my gym. Dude is pretty big but has the shittiest form I've seen and that is compared to 135lbs dyel lookin dudes. Like qtr reps 3 plates and curls like a qtr inch up and down. Always wonder about him considering he's paid to make people healthier. 
I don't understand how dudes with the shittiest form are so big
They've somehow managed to progress past the beginner stage without serious injuries. Now that their body's gotten used to the movement, their risk of injury with their uniquely shit form is actually pretty low. As long as they focus on volume/pump and not heavy ass weights, there's not much preventing them from getting big.
How do you train specifically for width in your back as opposed to thickness? Or does it just grow altogether regardless?
if you are properly hitting every part of your muscle. in this case the lats. it will grow how it wants it wants to grow unfortunately. just keep at it until you are so huge that you look like you have wings
Listen here, don't EVER tell me what to do.
Whatever you do don't work hard and get swole.
Not giving a fuck doesnt mean being a dick. 
Hahaha how old are you bro? Its good to learn that early on. All girls want is what they cant have. They get no thrill from being wanted from the get go.
19 man who the fuck wants to be treated like shit man it doesn't make sense at all. 
you're a cunt, friendzone is bullshit she doesn't owe you anything phaggot. stop treating people like shit because you don't get your way.
What r/niceguys shit did he say? 
some shit about treating a girl horribly and telling her she means nothing because she "friend zoned" him. you shoulda seen it shit was beyond cringe.
lol immature fucks downvoting  
Lol bitch edit
get him to suck your dick instead.
with proper hashtag nohomo it's alright?
Lean back, close your eyes and dream of England.
This comment is even better now that he edited the parent comment
DD level autism 
Some body should reach out to him and get him to join this sub. He belongs
You mean, we should figure out what his username is. There's no way autism like that doesn't contribute to this sub. 
Pretty sure it's DickButtV2
Yeah, we should find out what his username is, because it's not mine. I am totally not Connor Murphy.
Good fucking lord. This is the cringiest thing i've ever seen.
I couldn't finish it, that was painful.
She was probably asked to do that  You can tell by her voice that she's weirded out and doesn't really know how to react
/poke
Thank you for putting all of the thoughts rushing through my head about what I just witnessed into coherent sentences. 
Yea I'm not hating on his physique - which is great - just his antics.
Tbf it can be funny if it's done right. Just look at Zyzz. Someone like King Joffrey could pull it of as well.
Zyzz knew it was all a joke.   Taking a guy's camera because he wants you to take a photo of him and his family at some aussie tourist site and then lifting up your shirt, taking a pic of your abs and handing the camera back with a smile like, 'Just like you wanted.' is fucking hilarious. Pullups in the supermarket... 
I mean I wouldn't say that it's"fucking hilarious"
I love Zyzz but that's just about the definition of being a douche lmao. The only difference is that it's actually funny.
Ive thought most of murphys stuff is pretty funny, but i couldnt even finish this video. Usually ill watch it, laugh at some reactions, and think that someday people might look at me like that. This just took it beyond that funny level
The music really set it off for me 
He's like a non-ironic Dom Mazetti
This guy makes Joff seem like a decent human being. Holy fuck.
Jeff is a god amongst us mortals
Just imagine if he hopped on gear, he'd be a fkn god I swear LOL
I want to say this is fake but that chick's face when he took off his shirt and started climbing the wall like spiderman had me dying
What do guys mean when you say he's autistic? I've never heard it used like this. Unless you mean he legit has autism...then I'm just an idiot and apologize
As someone who has a family that works directly with autistic kids, I personally find the term offensive when being used to describe non-autistic people.  For crying out loud, use another term.  Is using the term "autistic" instead of "gay/fag" make you feel you're a better person?
Up the AI, you're being an emotional twat.
sook.
Don't be so autistic bro 
It's shock value. It's the only way us autists can make each other laugh
The chick definitely knew the dude and was told to act awkward. Nobody just randomly grabs a dudes chest no matter how good they look after they spiderman climb a post and do pullups at a wallmart.  Dude is fucking cringe as fuck
I agree. Her expression at the start hinted she really was a random stranger but then it was obvious by the end that she knew him.
Women do some autistic shit, too.
At a certain level of next-level aesthetics, people kind of stop remembering that it's an actual person beneath all the muscles, and think they can just touch and grab like they would with Mickey Mouse at Disneyland.
Now I'm just imagining Ronnie Coleman saying "hoho" like Mickey Mouse but in that LIGHT WEIGHT BABY voice
A girl at a club asked my grill if she could touch my chest.  It happens, bro.
What kind of grill do you have? Charcoal, electric or gas? I can totally see an electric grill letting a strange woman touch you, electrical grills are such loosers
She's charcol for sure. It was an unusual occasion.  We were at a 'fetish-con' thing. It wasn't just like we were at a typical night out club scene thing.
Not doubting it, but if you climb a pole to do pull ups. You aren't making anyone wet, you are making people think wtf is wrong with you
Wait it's autistic to take your shirt off? Fuck 
Yeah, when it isn't hot or when you are just trying to show off? Yes.
I've been trying to pick up girls by walking up to them without a shirt and saying "GIRL"
I'm autism at least once I day, usually before I get in bed. I stop being autism in the morning though.
Using the word "autism" the way people in this thread are doing it is one of the most retarded fucking things on all of Reddit. 
Have you not seen the Genova video ?
I have no idea what that is lol
Whoosh
Sounds like you were living the aesthetic lifestyle my friend. 
Just wasn't reaping his reward
No one can pull this shit off like Zyzz did, RIP GOAT 
Zyzz had a personality. This guy has the personality of a potato.
Why does Zyzz have a personality and he doesn't? They're pretty similar in my eyes tbh 
i always saw a level of self-deprecation and awareness in zyzz's videos that made him more endearing to me. this dude does not seem self-aware at all.
I think that stems from the fact that Zyzz was an Internet autist like us and thus we identify a lot more with him than we do with the "normie"
Connor Murphy is not a fucking normie lol.
Zyzz didn't do it for the girls, he did it so people could be miring. He blessed the world and people around him, walkinglike a god amon men. That's the difference.
Good Christ Connor
This is what us autistic fucks would fantasize about if we looked like him. This was hard core cringe. 
no.
I think he's a fresh breath of good ole douchebag instead of the usual "God sent me to lift weights and preach about the virtues of picking up heavy things and putting them down til you're joosee as fuck" 
This dude is the worst.  I'm going to say at least some of the people he interacts with are plants.  The last one someone posted here of him in Planet Fitness where the girl basically started fingering herself in the gym looking at him was phony af too.
at first glance he comes off as douchey but i actually love this kid because he's so ridiculous and autistic.. I've watched a few videos, for example a "full day of eating" video. every single time hits record he says "What's up guys?" and he ends up saying it 30x in a 10 minute video. 
I agree. He is almost charmingly awkward. And it's pretty obvious that he acts the way he does because he's realized people like to watch him be awkward and break social norms. 
Yeah he even said that he's doing it for entertainment / monetization purposes and that he's not actually like that in real life. 
He probably doesn't do it off camera. This is where you draw the line.  He's obviously doing it for entertainment (and it's working he's getting tons of views)  Idk why everybody has a stick up their ass over here 
I guess you could make the argument that he's an actor whose "role" is the autistic douchebag meathead, Anthony Hopkins is not Hannibal Lecter etc etc. but in Connor's situation, just like with the Kardashians etc, if you put shit out there, i'm judging you based on your media persona. 
Had to pause the video several times due to cases of severe cringe
that first one is hilarious
Yeah this video is definitely his worst one lmao. He's a funny guy though and he seems nice.
stop giving him youtube views already. he gets monies out of it and feeds the cycle.
Ad block ftw
Youtube pays him for the number of views too.
Unless they've changed something, that is not the case. I used to make money on a YouTube channel and anyone with the ads blocked didn't count towards my income.
So much spaghetti, it's everywhere
I lost my fuckin shit when he monkeyed his way up the fuckin post.
I think he does these videos to try in get that youtube cash those "prank" channels get. Either way this is definitely not bodybuilding. 
Why is he copying Jeff who always said "alright guys"
His Omegle videos are quite good but the public posing is very cringey.
Can confirm, died laughing 
I took 2 seconds too long to get that joke. I'm ashamed.
It took me a couple seconds as well.
Jeez... corny Connor. 
Bahaha I hate this guy.
The kind of behavior I'd expect  to see on The Jersey Shore
So douchey.
Was just about to post about him. 
What a fucking clown.
What a narcissistic douche fuck. Holy mother of fuck, dude. Get the fuck over yourself.
I was more impressed by the 10, 3/4-pull ups
I've never seen anything from him before. Lost respect for him when he randomly had a pose off with a customer. No thanks. See ya 
Not very good
she was supposed to catch him tho
Coming from a DD autist this offends me.
I'm dying over here. 
He reminds me a lot of joffy actually. Like he's trying to copy his way of talking.
this guy is a fucking loser
Lol I lift at the same gym as him
Well I already don't like this guy
My face turned inside out when he started climbing, he probably forgot his extra chromosome up there from the last time he did that. 47/46 would not watch again.
it hurts so much to watch this.  "Do you like the physique though?"  holy shit holy shit holllly shit guise.
This prick gonna pay my dental bill? Cracked a fucking tooth on that cringe
I agree. Its corny as fuck, but the dudes commenting they hate him etc. Is stretching a little too far. He's awkward, but thats it. Cant say 'i hate' someone because they're cringy, if anything I would just feel bad for them. 
Though I agree that this sub is a toxic cesspool of shit, I will say that sometimes, just sometimes, this guys vids are bearable, if not enjoyable. The one someone posted in the thread of 'dressed like a nerd to get pic taken' was fun to watch, as is every omeagle (however the fuck u spell it) vid. Dude has to sit through hours and hours of dick to get to the attractive girls. 
Looks fake
I got to 12 seconds and had to stop. Jesus
Is this what I seem like at work with a doorway pullup bar in my office? I leave my shirt on but sometimes use a weight vest.
Wrath, Calum, and Sergio all in his comments defending him. Why can't that be my life 
I see your dweeb comment lol
Ah, forgot Sergio. I know, right?
Id settle for wrath. Dude looks like he can crush your skull with those clamps
I know that Sergio absolutely hates Artemus
any reason why? I got the Artemus is a cunt vibe when he went out of his way to talk down one of my mates
IIRC Sergio caught Artimus abusing his ex gf. 
Not sure how it originated but there's a YouTube video where they are in each other's faces outside a gym and it looks like shit is going to go down
Link?
Huh?
Stan could've kept it on the DL, but he clearly wanted to make it clear that Artemus didn't communicate well with him. Apparently a couple of other guys have been dropped in similar fashion including the Russian dude that won the Arnold Classic Amateur Men's Physique. I understand that business requires tough decisions sometimes, but this doesn't make any sense.
I think he left willingly, as he hasn't posted anything about Artimus in a while. Artimus is a piece of shit though. 
Who the fuck would want to be apart of golden aesthetics anyway the majority of them look like shite
Alex Fong looks pretty good for classic physique IMO
cringe
Why?
Cause in the big picture,  shit like this doesn't matter at all
Depends what big picture is. If you are about these guys career at all it matters. 
realistically you could say that about everything though, so I guess nobody should care about anything ever?
That's why I said 'in the big picture'
I just liked seeing Stanimal's boys have his back
I'm on my phone, so it's a little picture.
because grown up men, that's why
Jesus Christ. This sub is upvoting this? For crying out loud there are tons of better quality drama out there. 
Fartemis? Dat you?
Why is he wearing a hoodie with his hoodie hood on his basketball head?
Artemus is possibly the worst interviewer in the world, other than his incredible douchey personality he also dresses like a douche. I hate Artemus.  (shanked core tho)
"I would squat 315x20"  Alright Platz that's pretty cool  "Then 315x50"  Wtf  "And eventually 405x50"  Jesus I don't even lift 
Some people do treadmill for cardio, some people do stairmaster for cardio, Tom Platz does 4 plate squats for cardio.
Truly a fartemus 
Would watch maybe if it didn't have that colossal moron Dolgin in it.
Holy fuck why is everyone freaking out over a hood.  Yeah fartemus is a bit of a douche cringe, but its just a fucking hood boys.  He didn't even talk all that much this interview and apparently nobody cares about what Platz had to say, but fartemus and his hood is such a big deal.  At least Fart arranges these interviews, without him we wouldn't have even gotten this insight.  The least you guys can do is maybe talk about what Platz had to say instead of just roasting something so trivial.
But that hood
Anyone with the least bit of social consciousness would take off the fucking hood. We're all 'autists' here, but we know not to do an interview like that. Yes I'm mad, dude needs to fucking behave himself.
He's also a really really Shitty cringey interviewer.    The hoodie is just straight up disrespectful 
And on IG, you can just keep taking pictures/videos until you nail it perfectly. You only get 1 shot on stage.
Shouldn't the stage provide perfect lighting given what the competition is? Also, is it possible he doesn't hit his peak correctly and he uses too much tan and it washes out a lot of his cuts? These are all actual questions I'm new feel free to shit on me
Also on Instagram if they don't look good they can just not post it
I really dont know if i should upvote or downvote this
This. Plus you can find the perfect spot for lighting for your ig posts.
Sometimes bodybuilders peak at weird times. shit happens. Look at Jay Cutler. He was incredibly shredded leading up to the 2007 Olympia but ended up retaining shit tons of water on the actual day of the show.
Literally looks like a god here
He did, the only difference being that he was actually on a stage, not in a photoshoot that has perfect lighting. 
Because he's the instaGOAT.
Stage lighting is very unforgiving. 
Sadik just don't have the genetics to stand toe to toe with the top guys on stage mainly because of his midsection and arms, his bicep/tricep insertions aren't the best and the cuts between his abs are shallow, not much he can do about them. His chest and back are lacking too but he might be able to fix them, doesn't seem like the insertions are too bad.
You can't use filters or "delete and take again" on stage...
It's a video. No filter. 
Usually when people can't nail it on stage it's because they're trying to be clever with diuretics/sodium/carb loading and end up looking worse than they did 2 weeks out. 
He did bring better conditioning than this on stage. Look at the stage shots, you can see his midsection is just as dry. Somehow his legs are super watery even though his waist is dry. Kinda strange 
Did I just watch a video of a bunch of shirtless black guys eating pizza?
I'm not even mad
That video always bothers me.  Do you NOT know how to eat a slice of pizza?  The only explanation is that they're SO dehydrated and SO hungry that they can't think straight.
If the pizza goes in the face hole that's all that matters
Naw dawg, you have to eat it evenly.  Otherwise, the taste gets all janky.
Dude, your tren is showing.
Lol this is me off tren... on tren I'm mean
Who's that little guy talking to Ronnie at the end? O wait
fuck im hungry
I eat like this all the time. I dont see whats the big deal. And for those wondering yes in my underwear just like them. 
that was just so satisfying to watch hungry aesthetic men really eat. it's fun to imagine they got there by eating like that. 
Doesn't Dexter eat mcdonalds every day or something like that?  I remember reading that he pretty much lives off fast food.
No dude way more than that. I compete national level at 6'1 at 230 and have a maintenance of 4100. His would be 5500 ish (if not more)
Yeah I purposefully said the low end so people think I am not exaggerating. Since he is probably blasting huge amounts of growth and has a shit ton of muscle it must be almost literally impossible for him to become fat unless he eats every single time he is awake.
Kevin looking aidetic here.
I've never wanted to be a pizza so much in my life. 
/r/FoodPorn 
The fuck did I just watch?  Is that all there is to the video?  Someone should put some Marvin Gaye soundtrack to this and it'll hit top ten why-the-fuck-am-I-watching-this-shit of all time
Vic digging in like he just stepped out of the slammer. Poor guys - being so dehydrated and carbed down, they must have some MAJOR rush after this feast.
I thought to myself that the dude at the very end looked handsome and familiar, then I realized I have been batin to his instagram for 6 months now...
Crazy that he was only 9 years old in this picture. 
Made me actually laugh instead of smiling and exhaling through my nose
No half reppin round here...
9 yrs old and still natty
Gimme that cream
One liners everywhere.
He'd say Yeah Buddy a lot
 I've seen him in too many comedies, I just can't take him seriously anymore.
dude he was kinda scary in Gamer
You ever watch Eternal Sunshine?
If he chose to make it serious it would be interesting to see if he could pull it off or not. 
I like to think he could, but it'd take a few episodes to get used to. I feel that way seeing Jimmi Simpson, who plays Liam McPoyle on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, have a more serious role in Westworld. 
Me too haha.  I was trying to figure it out for so long but wow never would connect those two
also a very serious role in house of cards as that hacker in season 1 iirc
Not many people realize Ronnie Coleman was diagnosed with Swoliosis at an early age
This is before he ever touched a weight.
This meme is dead. 
Dead memes, on my Reddit? Why that's simply impossible sir.
Thank Jesus it's dead. 
Which meme was it? Curiosity is killing me
What meme? Was it a jeff meme? I gotta know
So according to what I have heard by levrone and flex, Ronnie was hooked up with flex' 'Coach' who put him on the right drugs around 97 and he started to beat them all. Before, he probably juiced too but not properly, that's why he exploded around 98. People assuming he was competing naturally would probably believe that Simeon Panda is natty too. 
I saw the video you are talking about. I assumed Flex meant that Ronnie  hopped on HGH and slin and that he was just using steroids before.
I have heard that story but i took it to mean he was blasting and cruising..not really knowing what he was doing. The right guy showed him how to use gh and slin properly...and boom he started winning
Nawh, it was Kevin drinking vodka with him the night before
I would love it if something like that happened at next years Olympia, some guy no one has in the top 5, top 10 even who just blows everyone away and beats Phil.
I was jokingly referring to the story Kevin tells where he does a spot on impression of Ronnie
There's absolutely no way he's natty in this picture. You'd have to eat an activated almond or two to get this big.
maybe he even drank some alkalised water before the photoshoot
...at first I was like, bro... ...then I lol'ed...
Also some frozen duck eggs. And the frog.
Almonds do raise natural test levels...
word. always make sure you have an AI on hand before opening a pack of almonds.
Not many comments make me genuinely laugh but this.. This sir was some funny shit 
Are you telling me Almonds are the reason I have gyno?
That chest just goes on forever 
Uh huh.
Correct
Yes
yeah 
Yup 
Yes
Yes
Dat side boob
Fucking aesthetic brah
For a little while he was Bob Paris-esque 
He was in somewhat of a bodybuilding Goldilocks zone. 
I'd rather look like this than a mass monster.
/r/fitness is that way.
Then off you go if you know the direction...
Tbh that's what Pro Bodybuilding should be all about. Not about people looking like fucking ninja turtles.
A E S T H E T I C
Agreed
Honestly mass monsters look fine, but they're too lean. Plus the tan looks like shit. Like, imagine Mr.O 2016 Ramy and now imagine 2014 big fat watery Ramy. Second one looks superior. 
lol how do mass monsters look fine? you're probably in too deep if you are starting to think that
Like that picture of Phil a couple days after that O. So much fuller and just better looking in general. I dont like the stage look at all, especially when the majority of their tans look HORRIBLE. 
I think the lighting is the biggest reason the tans come out looking shit.
Is this not mass monster? He's got a great physique but he's fucking huge.
the current dennis wolf physique.
You'll never be either of them RIP
Burn clinics that way.
I love how confident that you were that you knew he was rekt
iktfb. i dont want to get too big. i just want to look like ronnie coleman from fight club for the summer
iktfb - i know the fucker's big?
I thought it was I know that feel bro
This isnt a mass monster? Lol holy sheeeiitt.
small tbh 
Ronnie was small in this pic. He looks to be around my size and im 7 years old
Carlton?
He looked amazing.
1 year of training 
that chest holy shit
That dude looks like an action figure 
Soooo cartoonish. Amazing.
Ronnie is the GOAT
Ronnie looking classic as FUCK
Dam he looks good in this age 
Looks like a powerhouse Carlton Banks. I'd kill to see him bust out a dance to Tom Jones' "it's not unusual" 
born to be the champ
It's actually kind of heart breaking because this is all he's known for so long. When it starts to fade, it does a mind job on the person involved. 
FYI he has tested positive for a myostatin deficiency
Source?
carlton been trenning hard i see
Why? 
You either die aesthetic or live long enough to see yourself become a mass monster
The crazy thing is, Ronnie and Phil Heath both started out with ectomorph body types... It goes to show you that no matter what your genetically predisposed to, hard work, dedication and supplementation (winkwink) goes a long way.  Arnold was also an ecto but started bodybuilding at a young age which really helped.  Jay Cutler was a natural endomorph. Frank Zane was a mesomorph.   
what's wrong with ecto?
It's not a real fucking thing for one. 
care to explain? 
Basically it just means small muscle mass and people complain about "being an ectomorph" as in they're just born small while others aren't. In actual fact its absolute horse shit and they're just pussies and should move on to blaming their "fast metabolism".
Can someone please tell my friend Neave this XD
Ronnie, Phil, and Arnold would not be considered ecto, they were just young and hadn't hit puberty, lmao
Arnold very much seems like he was an ecto.. Considering his very long wingspan, short upper torso, longer neck and long legs. Tell-tale signs of an ecto. Not a bad thing at all.. And since he started bodybuilding really young, he was able to transform his body while he was growing. If he didn't, his body was likely to show signs of an ectomorph well into his adult life. Goes to show you how important bbing is.  Ronnie was almost certainly an ecto but not enough evidence despite his smaller head and apparent neck.. I've seen some crazy pics of him when he was young.. Same with Phil but now that I look back at it, Phil probably wasn't an ecto.. just because of his head size in proportion to his neck.. Something I noticed about ectos compared to mesos or endos is their head size and neck proportions are very obviously different.   
What in the hell did I just read
Somatotypes are bullshit. Muh ectomorph
There are few things out there that are more bullshit than somatotypes
wtf is a somatotype?
Ecto-, endo-, and mesomorph bodytypes.
oh, i thought it was something in addition to those three. thanks
I agree with your opinion, but I love how he talks "jay cutler be smoking crack"
no ass tho
Legs ate his ass.
Wicked legs
Still has a Hank Hill butt.
That caption is really aesthetic
Hourglass shaped beautiful mofo.
Big Ramy's son? 
He is looking veritably dauphinoise. 
his legs are dam big
those legs are neither aesthethic nor pleasing. unproportional is the word for you are looking for
he said "sous-vide" thus winning it, stop hating
I disagree although I do think they are a bit to large for his upper body
I'd rather have legs that are too big than legs that are too small
If you have the lower body....
If you you don't know the difference between cutting and cooking - stop it.
Fuck you sellout
Lol
Damn cookie cutters. 
Love your leggings.
Might wanna get that gyno under control 
Need dat surgery, had it since I was 11 unfortunately
Had a lot of friends have it done, it's not bad at all.
Yeah I'm just trying to find time in my schedule when I can get it done and recover fully. Plus I want to make sure I get it done right (All of the glands removed) - probably gonna have Dr. Blau do it
That's an interesting combination I guess...
I follow all you fuckers. It's great to see you all progressing and doing cool shit. 
more dysmorphia spongebob memes about being weak and i'd follow you.
A sense of humor and I'd follow you
i was being actually serious ... i find them funny. 
Oh, my bad... 
it's ok we're all autistic.
Looking strong af bro. What's your bw?
How do u expect me to leave a like when none of your recent posts even feature a glute spread
Not in the AM bro
Yo I am fucking losing my mind over that dude squatting with what appears to be one of those giant thick exercise  mats. Fucks sake.
That form though
www.instagram.com/DropItLopez  Just totaled 1050. Mostly gym related but other random styff DM me r/bb and I'll follow back 
Congrats on the total mayne
Aw yeah cat pics
www.instagram.com/seatea26  DYEL so lots of food till I get big and strong like the rest of you guys.
Man you are Greek? 
I don't know if we have to be competing serious but I lift everyday and diet. I enjoy lurking here and trying new things people post about   www.instagram.Com/jbsworld98
Is she single?
Prob the hookah pic lol
Not got a clue.
Honestly? Probably because people want to see profiles about bodybuilding, or sick lifting and you are like 135 pounds. 
rip
Is he competing in the upcoming Mr Olympia Europe? Thats 2 weeks from now...
Not to sound ignorant, but didn't Mr Olympia just happen like a month ago? The one that Phil Heath won again?
Yeah when tf is that dudes off season?
They use a different calendar in the middle east.
Fucking charge dude jeeze
/r/chargeyourphone
SUPER IMPRESSIVE considering that lighting would make anyone look soft
Goddamn, his back looks like a van gogh painting.
RIP in peace OP's battery life. 
iPhone users have never seen a battery go so low. 
For having so much muscle he has a strange lack of separation, but I suppose that's the reality of slinbuilding. 
Don't know why this is getting downvotes. It's true
What does insulin have to do with that? I havent heard that one before. 
For as much cutting as he's done, it's true.  Given, he's not very dry here, but even at olympia it was noticable.
Lmao what?  Dorian Yates pioneered insulin use and had possibly the best conditioning and separation of any Olympia level bodybuilder to date.
Yeah but tbh, Dorian Yates was stepping on stage 1 step away from death and used every bit of what's left from his breath to do his glorious posing. That's what made him Mr.O, no1 else ever went so far in prep as Dorian
I heard that he started to bleed from his heels and he bruised the bones in the bottom of his foot because of the complete absence or lack of fat when in comp shape. 
You're not cutting for real until it hurts to walk
ppl are so hyped for these massfreaks that they forgot what really matters.  but i gotta say, ramy came in good condition in his last contests
going to sound stupid but what does weeks out mean? Is it weeks before a competition or after? 
Weeks before, but for some reason this picture was posted like 2 weeks after his show and it shows what he looked like 2 weeks before. 
Before competition. 
Whats that giant phallic looking thing on the right?
Girl got no ass
So when you realize you have shit calf genetics what do you do?
Snap goob a video of you crying. 
He has huge calves....but his quads overpower everything.
Yeah I guess I'm just salty bc I really hate the way these monsters look. 
He is fucking looks good. Awesome muscle definition 
do you live in CT? i think you and your girl go to my gym
Connecticut? Nah man. Florida
How much did you weigh in the sidebar pic? Looks like the blast is going well...
260-262 it is. It's about to get even crazier. Adding slin in sooooooonnnn
Do you have plans on when you'll compete next? Do a show in the spring? 
Probably june. I'll probably cruise after thanksgiving.  Until February then blast again and finalize a date. 
You'll be hyooge man
Mind sharing your girl's cycle?
Thickening 
Mirin both.
Mirin you and your George Foreman
Jesus Christ your shoulders are huge.
when did you start?
Start cutting or?  Bodybuilding/powerlifting - 3 years ago. Only been cutting for 6 weeks.
Im 5'10'' 160lbs and fairly cut but i want to start gaining some mass. What did you start with weight wise to get to 199lbs? You lookin pretty lean for 200lbs brotha
Was around 220-225 IIRC with abs before cutting down to where i am rn.
You look like a jacked Mauro Ranallo. Mirin' tho. 
Mirin' that taper, proportions are on point. Good luck in your comp, bro. 
Holy Christ 
Loving the X frame dude 
Hyooge 
I can only nod in admiration. 
martin freeman/10
jesus man around the same height but that body is my goal fuuuuuuark 
Nope. If you check my comment history I'm pretty open about my cycle. 
Looking sick man.  Really nail your posing and you'll kill
You know you're lean when you can clearly see the serratus, intracostals, obliques, and abdominals as though someone drew them with a sharpie.
You're like a buff Steve Carrell
Nice physique man, how long have you been training for?
Right around 4 years or so seriously. Messed about summer before college, then decided to get really into it from that point on. In my senior year now. 
Wait you're 20 and in senior year?
Yep. December birthday 
Anything you see that I could work on? Just doing physique for now, and was told only need front and back pose, no quarter turns (large show, trying to go through everyone quickly).
looking at your IG its actually pretty good. just thought the last pose in you pictures looked a little forced. feel like in physique it can be really beneficial to learn how to properly contract your abs during poses,atleast thats what made the difference for me.
Thanks. I've been trying to do that. If I'm not flexing them I'm exhaling while I transition to keep them looking tight
fucken amazing leanness
Thanks 
They seem to actively look for fitness and bodybuilding posts to shit on them.   It's like a weird mix of tumblrinas and sjw anti fit people.  Fuckin weird.
Yeah, I've seen it happen before so don't think much of it. And will do, probably will do a write up or something about my experience. My GF will most likely be taking tons of pics so hopefully I'll have some high quality pics the next day or so. 
I mean my cutting calories are around 3500, maintenance around 5500... 
At 5'8??? How??
my DREAM is to cut at 3500 cals ... checking in at cutting at 2000 ...
Maintenance is 5500...? Do you have a physical job and/or do a lot of cardio?
2 a day workouts plus cardio along with walking all around campus. Throw in being a personal trainer and teaching fitness classes and I average 30k steps a day 
I mean I'm still getting 220 protein and around 500 or so carbs and losing fat gaining strength and so why not 
Holy fuck 3500 Cals to cut? Jesus. Thats like three rotisserie chickens a day
His cutting deficit is literally my bulking surplus
My bulk is less than your cut. Holy shit. 
My bulk is his maintenance. Shit I need to step my game up haha
How does one change their maintenance caloric level. Does it change over time or with increased muscle mass or something?
Increased weight and muscle mass  means there is more need to fuel the fire.   Think of it like a train ( or tren) the more cars you attach to the train, the more fuel will be needed to reach max speed then more fuel will be needed to maintain that speed.
Fuck this sub has some large guys. How tall are you?
6'1.5" - 6'2 " on a good day haha
lol 5'3.5" - 5'4" on a good day over here
Haha, that makes sense now
I was that and just thought," wow, you sound fat."
your traps, oof
wtf do you do for chest
Used to do only flat but now I do a lot of incline work emphasis on flys for the fuller look
You look like an asian matt damon
Just curious, what does your ab routine look like? Any direct work?
i do not train abs, I let compound lifts do that
Gotchya, thanks
Not sure if meme or srs
bit of both, I actually do not train abs nor ever have reason being I personally find it more aesthetic to have a slim shredded core over a thick blocky one 
But what happens if someone punches you in the gut?
then I'll pull a Houdini and die probably 
Don't do that lol, or atleast not before you get my gf pregnant. I'd kill for your genetics haha.
Damn. You're aesthetic...
Honestly thought you were white, black then Asian in the order of pics. Still no idea wtf you are tbh
175mg tren ace per week, hit 190-195 cut but couldnt really put on more lean mass so i hopped on the train
Cool to see the honesty. When did you start? 
July 21st 
Sick man you look fuckin nuts 
I think you mixed up per week with per day.
Dem aesthetics. Zyzz is proud.
How does it feel being drowned in pussy?
Crazy waist 
Mirin waist most of all
Are you natty?
BB, Physique, or Classic?
Only men's physique. Not big enough for anything else yet. 
Nil I think you'd be too big for it 
You remind me a lot of Jeff Nippard, although you're about 3 feet taller than him 
It's ok, you can say 6'2"
Round it on up 
Fuckin T H I C C   Mirin
Really nice aesthetics.
mirin those calves
Probably the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me 
It's your returning champion, /u/SuperDrolSaiyan, a.k.a John Trap-olta
Jelly of those tri's. What do you do that hits them the hardest? 
When I dip you dip we dip. 
I put my hand up on your hip
you look like /u/Dddddjohn's younger less obese brother
You're strong
Tfw my gym only goes up to 1 130. No idea where the other 130 is
Can't wait to see your gym partner having to set 45s on top. Mirin'.
You animal
If those are little mine are subatomic 
"little arms"
Hey I remember you as the "heartburn guy" haha. Looking good keep adding mass. 
haha thanks my man. glad my teenage idiocy at least makes me memorable.
Hahah jesus, what happened? If you don't mind me asking
You could get a mad dog tat over it though right? 
Mirin' them rear delts bro
mirin lats
How long have you been training considering your only 16?
2 years of training 1 year of calculating macros
Said you were a "permabulker" but look pretty lean in this picture. Were you a relatively skinny kid starting off or did you just replace the teenage chub with muscle?
Looking thick 
Fuck me I wish I looked like this at 16
Mirin face gains
Core looking like garbage or not, you look damn huge at 16 amigo
Noice
Have you cut? Or only bulked?
Tbh i should have only bulked till now,but I didn't i wanted to be shredded in summers,so i did the classic bulk in winter cut in summer. 
Nah man you did everything right. Good progress.
Noice
joocy
Your core looks great but you gotta eat 
mirin bulge
If that's fluffy then I need to re-evaluate myself
Have you tried taking PWO?   Could just be the fact that you're working out fasted. I usually go for some whey and a tbsp of peanut butter before my morning workouts.  Also, some fast digesting sugars post workout can help bump the energy levels back up. 
It's normal to not have the same amount of stamina first thing in the morning than later in the day.   Not having food in your stomach for energy and what not will usually mean you'll burn out quicker.   Try it out, it helps me.    
Instant oatmeal. 
Love me some overnight oats. I used to just do fruit and pwo and my stomach wasn't loving that very well. Oats are a bit heavier so soaks up a little of the pwo is my guess. I probably wouldn't eat the oats if I was doing super heavy cardio as I eat them pretty much right as I'm leaving to go to the gym. 
eat more and you are winning, i feel great after a morning run
Fuck everything, dont trust sneaky fuckers, use that rage for yo lifts. Gonna kill 355x5 squats
Keep going, noob gainz are the shit.  It doesn't become demoralizing until 1 year in.
I need help bros. I'm working abroad in the balkans. (A lot of powerlifters here. They all disrespect hypertrophy and think posing is gay. I just want to deadlift their legs out from under them and lay down some serious ground and pound for disrespecting my lifestyle. Cool people otherwise.) My job is really serious about only eating on our lunch breaks so I can't keep my metabolism consistent by eating small meals every two hours like I have been doing. Effectively shitting on my entire meal plan. Anyone got any good diet plans for the bulking season that focuses on eating three meals a day? Breakfast, lunch, and dinner?
where in the balkans
Add some breadwater to your meals. 
Move to 3 meals man.  You're not going to lose gainz as long as you hit your macros, period.  I don't know wtf a meal plan is I just hit my macros and call it a day.  I plan to eat, how's that for a plan?
After 2.5 weeks off of training to study for the SAT, I hit my first day back just now at a new gym. Felt fucking good and thanks to HGH I barely lost any gains. Within a week i'll be back to pushing more weight every day. Not to mention my college applications are all done... Life is good right now, finally I can focus on getting that /u/dddddjohn body
Your goal is to be fat and weak? 
Okay, you changed my mind. I want to be as ripped as your pit.
That's a goal I can get behind. I swear her fuckin hams are feathered no matter how much I bulk her. Animal 
Literally, animal. My goal is to eat 36 eggs a day. 35 isn't enough
you gotta stop putting tren in her water brah
Fuck you got me.
Couldn't get anything for lunch or snack today due to unforeseen events. Only thing I ate this morning was egg whites and oatmeal (500 cal). I have successfully eaten 2000 calories in the past 2 hours. Feel bloated as fuck, still gotta get another 300 in. Accidental intermittent fasting sucks.
I've been advocating for nuts in almost every DD thread for the past week it seems. You could get 2 oz of mixed nuts in you and you'd be solid so long as you're not on a strict macro diet.
Getting really bored with my routine. Can someone recommend something fun? I am severely limited since I have a home gym with only a barbell, squat rack, and dumb bells using olympic plates.  I've been on Legs/Chest-Bi/Back-Tri twice weekly and Im  bored to tears.
I just throw a few sets in every day. Kinda like abs. 
You could do an Arnold split. Chest/Back with a lot of supersets, Shoulders/Arms because the pump combo is nice, and Legs. Also you could throw in some calves and forearms on any given day.
Jacked and tan 2.0. Been having a blast. Check it out. I think it helps that the reps are different each week which helps fight to boredom of 5x5 week after week or whatever. 
All my aussie bros on here, don't neglect your sunscreen now that the hotter days are here. I copped it bad on my arms and shoulders last weekend and am now sitting in my office in itching and peeling agony.
But i need a sick tan brah
I spoke with two different surgeons that specialized in shoulder and both did an MRI and did not recommend surgery. Insisted on surgery and afterwards asked one of the same surgeons if he still thought the surgery was necessary. He said once he got a look inside I definitely needed surgery and that I had made the right decision...
I had an identical experience with a torn meniscus in my knee. 6 months of back and forth and physical therapy before I said f it, do the surgery. Doc said it was all jacked up when he finally went in and fixed it. He did a damn good job though. 
I'll definitely get it, just wasn't expecting it. Probably because of school stress
Anyone check our Steve Cook's BIG program or use it in the past sessions? Understand most of these bb celebrities put out bs programs like this but wondering if his is any different
how 2 tinder?  Getting matches with solid 8s atm but the autism is strong with this one
Getting their number or some other form of communication outside of tinder is key. Most girls are completely flooded with messages on the app that they will definitely have notifications turned off, so they may not see your messages on there too often. Start with something going off of their bio, or maybe a picture. Everyone loves to talk about themselves, guys and girls. You can typically gauge interest within the first few messages doing this. If it's there, the number shouldn't be hard to get. It if isn't, you have plenty other girls you can go start a conversation with. 
/r/tinder for inspiration also
Tfw your friends invite you to do something, never call you back, so you go alone and see them there without you.  Like, I guess I don't matter anymore
Gotta play hard to get bruh. 
They're just tired of looking small next to you, boo. 
So some of you guys read my Friday night flag, slip, infected knee story. Saturday morning dropping a steel 45 onto my foot (turns out it didn't break, but it looks gnarly. Pics if requested), Sunday rest day, Monday, threw my back out doing t bar rows, felt a pop. . Left spinus erector in severe pain.
u got some shitty ass luck my friend
Invest in a bubble suit. 
Pics. Rest that back tho. I used to have back probelms a lot. They're no joke
Thats some pretty gnarly bruising. Glad its not broke bro
Failed on squats at 170lb. Im pissed I had it but couldn't get back up for whatever reason on my last set
don't bother with it too much mate. Just eat plenty and try again in a week or two. Watch Chris Duffins video on how to squat and you might fight some weakness in your squats that you can improve.  
Don't be afraid to fail
I don't mind staying later for work but the rage I have when someone else's mistake causes me to be late is unreal. Taking it out on the upper body later 
Other person staying late too? They better be staying late or spotting a lunch at the very least.
You and Navy dude need to drop some knowledge bombs on em
Don't. You have nothing to gain  
The GB Navy Bro has just told me he can only dead lift "400lbs" you need to check your facts, bruh.
Mein Gough, that Navy bro must be immense.
Gym crush who works at the gym squatting next to me mirin my gainz and my flawless squat form. We never make eyecontact unless we are autistically trying to ignore each other and interlock eyes for a fraction of a second, every , fucking time. The ass is so fat I can't even.    Is this the autistic match made in heaven?
say something to her you autistic fuck
plunge her ass, it's in your goddamn username man
Just got my first order of DMAA in the mail. Gonna take 20mg before I hit the gym. For those who have taken it, what should I expect?
First time for me was very intense single focus with what seemed like super sustained energy. After workout I was high as a kite, very euphoric feeling for a couple hours. I took 65 mg though so I doubt it will be that intense with 1/3 the dose. Tolerance builds quickly though. 
Yea thats why I am going to start on a lose dose. I want to be able to increase the dose if needed. 
Also just take it like 1-2 times a week. Not on every workout... so pick a body group that needs improvement and take it on those days. 
Not sure what you'll get out of 20 mg. I'd bump it up to 40-50 mg. DMAA is intensely stimulating for me. Euphoria, energy, aggression...you name it. 
Atrial fibulation
Wait what are you going to take it with? adding it to pre-workout? Or just having it with some caffeine. That makes a big difference in dosage.  
I planned on adding it to my preworkout (Hyde)
Where did you buy it?
NutriVita Shop
Saw Kai at Comic con on Saturday. Had no idea he'd be there - was a nice surprise.
I've gotta get serious about this.  Been spinnin my wheels for years.  I'm about to just live in the gym and eat everything in sight see what happens in 2 months. 
Do itttttt
Just pulled a rib muscle out of place it feels like it. I felt this like slipping feeling under my right lower rib and now it hurts to breath a little 
That's cartilage that you fucked up. I had that for a long time, it's a crazy feeling. Almost feels like your skin is tearing away from your rib-cage. I forgot the name for it, but apparently it's an injury that happens in Cricket often? Some shit like that. Not much you can do for it, just avoid bending over on that side for a while. 
Yea it hurts like a mother fucker. I think it's from not staying tight all the way through my heavy headlift set, I lost focus before the rep. It hurts to bed over period, not even to the left or right. Looks like him hitting arms for the next 2 weeks. It sucks to, I was just starting to see my squat/deadlift go up 
It'll heal up man.  You can try wrapping it tight with a large ace bandage, like what they do when you crack a rib.  It'll fix itself. 
Ate like 4k cals yesterday and just hoped I wouldn't wake up with diabetes.
you'll wake up with all kinds of gains don't sweat it
What are your stats? Thats like a normal day for me
5'8 164lbs, finishing a cut too so that's kinda why it feels a lot.
Lol yea thats way too much. Just look up a TDEE calculator and monitor ur weight for a few weeks n ul find it
Is 4k supposed to be a lot?
Accidentally ate that for breakfast last weekend.
Any recommendations for slim fitting mens jeans?
Will have to have a look thanks, have a few pairs of their jeans but they're quite tight in the crotch. 
Will have to go try some thanks, I'm 6'3" so jeans are always a struggle 
Aside from what's been posted Levi's 511 are pretty decent without going to far into spandex range. 
I'd forgotten about them, I had a pair of 511's and they fit nicely 
Personal favorite is Lucky jeans, straight cut is pretty slim fitting and even the relaxed have a decently tapered leg if your quads are big enough to need it. Decent stretch to them too.
thrift cheap ass jeans, get em tailored how you want
Dis 
I've got a pair of American Eagle active flex jeans that I'd recommend. 
Wrangler white wash jeans. Then again I live in the south haha
I shop at Kohl's, 'cause I'm cheap.  Marc Anthony fits me well, and Urban Pipeline comfort fit (the flex fabric).  They're a little tight around my quads, but otherwise fit me well.  Just try a bunch  pair on, see what works for you.
I've always heard to aim for 1g protein per 1lb of lean body mass. 
Any difference between cardiovascular health between cutting calories vs adding cardio on a cut? Was thinking of adding more calories because I'm always hungry but also have a deep love/hate relationship with the stair master.
I'm not sure I understand your question, but addidng cardio pretty much always improves your cardiovascular
cardio will have the added benefit of being beetter for your cardiovascular (heart, lung, etc.) health.  but ultimately it comes down to calories in vs calories out.  so if you are speaking in terms of cutting, both will have the same result, although doing cardio may have additional benefits
I'll preface this by saying I always do cardio, bulking or cutting.  But personally, I've found it's easier to drop fat by reducing caories. When the weight stops falling off, slightly more cardio. When it stops again, less food. Etc
I was just at chipolte and when I was checking out there was some kid next to me and the lady asked me if we were separate and I didn't hear her so I was like wat?  And then she said are these together? And I said yes because I wasn't paying attention the kid was like no they aren't.  Cringe.
So you paid for his meal? Bruh that's some real life karma gainz
I did not.
Have you tried like lighter weight Arnold presses? I have a shoulder injury that hurt me during OHP and DB press for a while but I could do Arnold presses with like 30-40 lb db's with real controlled movement just fine. Was able to make decent shoulder gains during the injury
I've found my shoulder hurting on incline and OHP, but it wasn't caused by these exercises. Dips and sloppy form pull ups hurt my shoulder, OHP exacerbated it. Once I cleaned these up I could OHP again.
Literally, there's a tendon in my shoulder, that is no longer attached to my collar bone. 
Ok might want to get that glued on or something before trying to build shoulders..
Just find a good surgeon and get the shoulder surgery. My one year anniversary was yesterday and it was the best decision I've ever made. 
The two doctors I talked to said the fix would be cosmetic and likely wouldn't be any stronger than before. It's only a grade 2 tear. 
I don't understand. Is this like a mental/physical/chemical thing? Like insomnia or something?  If its just you being a wimp, then man the fuck up and wake up like everyone else.   If not, I apologize and you need to get professional help immediately. There are tons of services in universities to accommodate people with special needs.   If it is just you and nothing medical, then you need to start getting yourself into a habit of waking up. Everyday that you're not waking up for class you should still be waking up early to go to the gym or something. 
I spent YEARS in that funk and honestly, you sound a bit depressed to be honest. I know I was. It might help to talk to someone. College is a stressful ass time, especially if you're not sure what you want to do.   I had no idea what I wanted to do my first few years either, blew off classes, and generally did other things instead of focusing on studies (worked, pledged, got involved in clubs, fucked girls, etc.). Ultimately, though, those first few years of college are all about building a base. These are the reps no one likes - the times you go to the gym and you don't want to be there and you can't get a good pump and you just want to go home...but you do them anyhow because if you start slacking now it becomes addictive.   Stop stressing as much and just go to class. Forced reps. You'll appreciate it a few years from now when you have your shit together and don't have to explain why your GPA blows. 
I'm serious about talking to a therapist or something too. There were days that I couldn't get out of bed to go to class, the gym, see friends, anything. I was depressed and I didn't do shit about it so I suffered. Guys especially don't do anything about it typically because we're brought up to just deal with things. Depression is not hard to fix either and a lot of times doesn't even require medication.   Also, if I've taken away anything from college and life in general, it's that if you're open to change shit will work out. It might not work out in the way you expected, but you'll find a career path that works for you. 
Advisor or health center. I'm sure they have it 
Notice how small he looks next to that black guy who actually lifts. 
He may be the biggest tool alive, but let's not pretend he doesn't look good
Don't get me wrong, I think he's amazing aesthetically. I always thought he was a lot bigger as well, that's all.
Im pretty sure he'll make you look like a stick if you stood next to him. People are different in person than on camera.
Is that staged? That looked staged. 
I don't know the guy personally, but I don't get a 'douche vibe' from him at all.  He's got a popular brand and a lot of his subscribers aspire to be built well enough to get away with the stunts he does.  He never degrades anyone else.... I just feel like he's very self-amused.
Should women train like men?  My girlfriend does exactly what I do, except her first 30min is cardio while I lift.  It just makes sense to me.  I figure she should do more for her butt (kickbacks or whatever) on leg day, but other than that, I don't see a reason to change.   My brother tried to convince me that women need to do other, high rep, multi joint, Zumba type shit, but that seems dumb.  
I agree with you and have personally seen the best results with lifting at a 8-12 rep range.  I didn't even lean out or build muscle on high rep, Zumba/Pop Pilates/trendy girly shit to be honest.
me either. all endurance and low weight nonsense did was make me skinnyfat. and I gave it two decades to work so...at least I was consistant?
My physical therapist asked me what i dobfor cardio..i said lift weights faster. So,.shitposting irl now  But seriously. I lift till im sucking wind. My heart and lungs are awesome.
Your shitposts are high quality stuff.  Keep doing you
ah man you are too kind. I'm leaning from the best around here.
That's exactly what I figured would happen.  I've never done them, so idk, but where do you isolate the muscle groups?  Where does the muscle toning come from?  Plus I imagine it's way too easy to half-ass a kickbox-dance session and waist your time.
Its up to them. Why would they have to do something different?  
Right?  I argued thats its the same muscle groups with less testosterone.  I said that she should probably hit the weights harder than me in order to build these muscles
Your brother is a moron. Your girl isn't. 
Thanks for the confirmation.  She likes to lift, so we were gonna stay with it anyway, but it's nice to know we were already headed in the right direction
Women who say they shouldn't lift heavy are afraid of hard work, and men who say women shouldn't lift heavy are afraid of strong women
in contest prep right now. Can you bro's plz recommend some descent tasting 0 cal foods/ snacks.
coke zero/sprite zero. Load me uppppp with some chemicals. Kroger also makes this really good flavored bubbly water.  Good like finding 0 calorie actual foods though, as far as I know shit doesn't exist.
schweppes has pretty good flavors. I like the black cherry one. 
if sodium isn't a concern (doubtful as you're in prep) - pickles are pretty low cal.  Maybe try cucumbers since they are much less salty?   GL with show/prep
It's 10 cal, not zero cal, but sugar free jello is the shit 
Pickles?
Why the fuck do I always get a lower back pump when doing dumbbell rows? I try to keep my torso as straight as possible, what could this be?
weak back
Are you pulling thro your elbo? And squeezing the lat? If your lat is getting a pump then who cares if your low back gets a pump too
Wear a belt. Can help alleviate that ...
It will not. It will however provide more security if done properly.
placebo
When your hands aren't there he's worried about whether you are actually going to help or not. He has that assurance to give it his all when your hands are there. 
Its all mental.
You can get in a good trap workout
Keep it up bro
Why does everyone recommend nuts, but nobody recommends dried fruit? Its got more favorable macros and has similar caloric density. 
I find nuts to have an absolutely horrendous macro ratio. 15g of fat for 5g of protein...yeah, no thanks. 
It's good if you need to fill out some fats, also great fats.  Personally I mostly eat the usual bro foods, chicken, brocolli, rice etc.. Which doesn't have too much fats, so filling out my fats in the evening with nuUutz.
i always say trail mix.  dried fruits and nuts all in one package. sooo tasty
Yeah I stalled out the past week.   But in reality, all I need is 100 or 200 more calories a day. Basically just have to make an effort to eat one more snack.   Sounds easy enough.
Cutting right now, needed some fats, didn't have too much left, resulted in 20 grams of cashews, that's like 20 nuts, yet it's bloody 120 calories. 
Pursue your dreams to be the thickest dorito around 
got in touch with myself today when my finger slipped through the toilet paper during a protein powder-fueled shit
Ahhh the ol' poopfinger. I call it that because you get poop on your finger. 
My girlfriends mom told me I look bigger and more muscular in the shoulders, her grandma told me that my shirt was too tight, and a family friend said that I was cute.  Little do they know inside I'm filled with self hatred because I look like a DYEL.  I won't be satisfied until I look like a fucking snorlax.
I hate taking a shit after I've showered. 
What's worse is when you attempt to shit before and no go. Then it hits you after fml
Love you all fullhomo
Lifts are up, family and friends are doing well, job is aighhttt, don't give a shit about my ex, life is good. Can I get an amen
Finally felt confident enough to post front double bi to Instagram. People were commenting photoshop. Feels good mayne
My friend lets everyone know he has done steroids. People judge him for it, and give him shit and even though he doesn't care what others think why would he give them fuel with which to undermine his achievements with?  For example, he told my friends and now none of them want me to bring him along to parties and stuff because, "that's weird and shit." He's told his coworkers, gym regulars, and his friends who no longer respect his physique and achievements in the gym because they're supposedly all a result of steroids. The entire stigma around juice has led to people losing respect for him and thinking he's messed up.  I don't expect him to be Mr. FakeNatty, but damn... no need to tell people.
some people crave attention and don't care what kind
You got a sugar daddy, gz
Woe he's a dick? What happened to soccer mom Steve? Smh must be the tren. 
Such a bad habit lately of laying in my bed for 45 minutes reading the DD and shitposting in it. But I'll never regret it   Journey to human sphere status begins again 
I gotta stop working out with friends, today I did chest with a buddy and he demanded we cut short because he wanted to get dinner with another friend instead. Can't fault him for that, but he's been begging for me to show him the ropes and always says he wants to be strong like me.... brah there's work involved
Smashed a grill. She texted me the next morning and told me I had a nice back.  So I sent her a snapchat video of me jerking my morning wood.   Then she sent me a snap video of spanking her ass and a txt with 3 tongue emojis.   And demanded I nut on her face next time.   Is this what making it is? I've always been on the fat side of skinnyfat. I think I'm hot now. Fuckable at the very least. 
So, life is slipping . Dumped two weeks ago with no mercy. Hitting the gym and food/sleep is on point. Sadly life feels boring and empty. 
It gets better, bro, one day you'll be doing your thing and sort of realise "hey, i'm over it and i'm happy". Don't know when that's gonna happen, but it will, it always does.
I swear to god... Waterbread is actually helpful during my bulk... Im a 16 yo kid so i just down 8 slices during my break at school
I can't tell if WaterBread is a massive troll or not
I don't know what water bread is but at this point I'm to afraid to ask
Run your bread under the tap and drink the mush that it turns into
That must be wonderful for cutting, cause it would make me throw up everything I ate the whole week before.
You know the good thing about tomorrow? I'm going to the gym to lift weights again.
had the awful, instantaneous understanding that at 5'9", no matter how aesthetic I get, girls will never find me as attractive as a 6'2" DYEL aryan male in a tank top.
It's really not that big of a difference. I know tons of people that are around your height that do far better than me, even though I'm a built 6'3 aryan-looking fucker, because they have good game. It's all about game, which is why I'm ok with being more of a relationship guy than a hookup guy (I have the game of a stiff potato).  I do still occasionally get the easy catches where they make the first move, but that's rarely from attractive girls.
5'9 grill here and I'd rather date a 5'9 dude who lifts than a 6'4 DYEL 
It's even worse when you think that Steve exists....
DYEL in tank tops are often judged as more attractive than buff dudes in tank tops, no matter the height
I'm a 6'5" not dyel Aryan in a tank top and girls still aren't particularly interested as far as I can tell. Granted I'm putting off about zero interest vibes so I'm pretty sure they sense that plus I'm dense as fuck or so I've been told. 
Start talkin to ladies ya dingus.
But despite my extreme loneliness I have no physical sex drive and have a massive problem with accepting emotional intimacy so basically it's the lesser of three evils.  
This makes me sad. Sorry to hear this, dude.
Pretty much every other aspect of my life is on point so I can't complain. Can't have everything and its not like its something I can blame on anyone but myself. 
Depends on your face. Face can trump everything but the shorter you are the more exponentially beautiful you must become. If you unleash blue steel after first hook up and magnum after coitus, you can overcome anything 
Get huge and shoot for the 10s motherfucker
try being 5'""""7""""" (i literally shrunk .5 inches and I'm 19 wtf).   I'll never be bigger than someone taller than me. 
You can be wider
fatter counts as wider right
Your words make me feel pretty. 
Everytime I see the "jin" in your username, I think you're Asian for some reason.
I'm 5'7 and you just need to be attractive enough, even if your ceiling is 8/10 gotta hit that and fill up the rest with being wealthy since that makes girls forget about height, age, look, gunfire nearby etc
Stop with that bullshit. We can't change our height so embrace it. Just be the most aesthetically pleasing motherfucker around.
I gave my notice at my job and my boss instantly started crying. It was tough, but had to be done. I hate talking to people when they're emotional because I'm just terrible with feelings and consoling them.
your boss needs a vacation. stat.
Is it still a gym no no to take pictures of people at the gym? Cause this girl at my uni gym wears the most outrageous outfits I've ever seen in my life and today she set the new bar with a full backless neon pink skin tight onesie. No fuckin way I was gonna let that one get away without taking the photo cause I'm not sure anyone would believe me. 
No way, someone really wore that?
Yeah right? Like don't get me wrong if anyone could pull it off it's her but she's notorious at out school for the outlandish shit she always wears. Like clearly has no problem being the center of attention of the entire gym cause EVERYONE just stares at her.   And she also got a fat booty so that accounts for most of the staring. 
That was the worst trash talk i've ever seen.  In the sense that it was hardly trash talk, i mean.
Wheres the pic bro?
Mirin
What her Instagram? 
I'd eat dat butt
The ass was fat.
You're a bad man... Never change x
She's hot. Follow her home and report back. Good job soldier. Together we will overcome autism and speak to her as a well informed group
Haha, that's fucking hilarious. Good job OP, now I can feel better about my fashion choice.
Continue to update on gym outfit daily plz
This is not a gym creepshot. You are like a National geographics photographer showing us the world.
I do that shit all the time for leg day, it's hilarious and when you're the biggest guy in the gym nobody stays anything. Nothing like squatting 5 plates while my mirin my pasty thighs in the mirror
Can I borrow a plate please? I already got the short shorts and ghostly thighs. 
Really? a Florida arts school n y'all trippin? that's just silly guys.
Stop shadow boxing and lift some weights. You aren't impressing anyone other than your reflection. At least go down to the cardio area and do it. 
Every gym has these guys. I just want to laugh, but it also does my head in. I know I shouldn't let it bother me, I can't help it, it just does. Like you say- go to a boxing gymnasium to do that, you just look like a tit doing it in BB gym.  Some one posted in the DD yesterday about "who would you pick from your gym to have in your team for a fight?", well I certainly wouldn't have any of the guys who start swinging punches and kicks around the gym. They have probably never trained any form of combat sport in their life judging by their god-awful form.
the cut is never gonna end if i keep eating caramel popcorn till i'm about to explode on the weekends.  fml  
Saw a dude wearing jeans in the gym, not too unusual but he tucked them into his socks, and was wearing sandals haha
Just been told by the Doc i have type 7 diabetes.
Bulk has started and I couldn't be happier. I am also writing a paper on steroids for my English class so that should be interesting.
Prepare to be judged brave one.
Missus bought me some new t-shirts today that hug the body and gives me this look and said I was totally bangable. feelsgoodman.jpg
Say what you want but u already know it'll be autistic
W8 so a bicep exercise made your shoulder capped? I don't even
Yeah Omar has some quality content looking forward to. The program he Bart and Mike are developing 
ur just gonna fuckin not link me like this 
First day back at uni after all summer off. Tired af. Definitely be needing a pre workout for 5/3/1 bench workout tonight. Kill your lifts fellas 
What variation of 531 are you doing? I wanna do 531 but I don't wanna train just 4 days a week. Is there a way to make it 6 days?
I just had it set up like a bro split with my 5/3/1 lift at the start of the workout and then accessories and went 5 or 6 days a week. If your lifts are intermediate you'll be fine, make sure you eat loads though.  Google "5/3/1 who was CNS?" For a rough idea.
i actually did  "5/3/1 who was CNS?" for 4 cycles, but i started missing reps. I dont think i can do it right now since i just started cutting aswell. I think ill just do 4 days a week and add in abs/weakpoints/cardio on the other 3 days
Yeah, don't do it on a cut
what about 2 suns 531? seems high volume aswell, but i remember 2suns saying he increased his strength on a cut
Not tried it, would like to some day though but I'm really enjoying PHAT atm
I'll give PHAT a read but hopefully this cut wont last too long, i'm excited to bulk with a lean base.
I'm just running it with the standard 4 day split at the moment because I've only just started the programme. I'm sure you can find a 6 day variation somewhere online and there's probably one in wendlers book somewhere too 
How you find training 4 days? I feel like it would be too less volume
I've only ever trained full body 3 times a week as I'm still a newish lifter (around 17 months lifting) so this is actually an increase in volume for me haha. I love it so far though as previously doing squats every workout just killed off my upper body lifts 
Damn dude, 17 months on 5x5? You're supposed to have moved on a while ago. I was on one for 7 months and i regret staying on that long.  Good luck, lifting is so much more amazing without the confines of a 5x5 program.
I switched pretty quickly off starting strength because I hated it and moved to another novice programme that I enjoyed.  But I agree I should of switched earlier, the only thing stopping me was I was still making linear(ish) gains running a 5x5 system 
I seriously hope so. It's lagging compared to my lower body 
5/3/1 is pretty specific about following the program properly. No more than 2 days back to back and 2-4 days per week.  The whole concept is based around slowly making strength gains. It's not a bodybuilding routine in any sense, really. Aside from getting muscle gains.    You can add extra accessory days in between, but don't do anything that will fatigue you to the point you won't be able to optimally train your lifts the next day.   If strength isn't your main concern, don't do 5/3/1.
Fair enough, I need to decide what's more important to me then. Although a lot of people have convinced me you don't have to choose
I mean... with strength comes the ability to perform bodybuilding routines more effectively. A few cycles of 5/3/1 wouldn't hurt.   If youre brand new, theres a new issue
I'm not brand new but my numbers don't reflect how long I've been training (155/75/180kg for reference)
Guys I swear I'm not making it up, I just have not enough talent to make it up.  Last week I was heading to the power rack to do some OHP, and this guy gets in there first. I see that he brought in his belt, so I decided not to bother him with working in as it was clear that he's going for squats. I set my bar on the floor next to the rack. Guy puts his belts on and put bar on safeties. "Hm, some rack pulls" - I thought. He checks his phone and put the tiniest plates on the bar. At this moment it's obvious to me that he has one of those percentage-based powerlifting spreadsheets that make him doing all kind of strange weights - I know it, I've been there. He gets into hell of a power stance, grips the bar, pull it and starts fucking curling it. I was happy that I wasn't mid-set, otherwise I'd drop the fucking bar on my head. And it wasn't all. After he did two sets he loads his bar with 10kg plates. I should've already been done with OHP and go to the machines area, but I decide to deload and do two more sets just out of curiosity. I'm fucking thrilled to see what's he's going to do with that weight, cuz he was struggling with way smaller plates.   He starts curling the bar, but then falls/steps forward and slams the bar onto safeties. At this point I want to help but don't know how. He doesn't let the bar go, he gets under it and stand up with the bar in strange reversed-grip front rack position. He re-racks bar onto safeties, gets under it and starts doing back squats. I don't know, maybe I've sent too many judging vibes in his direction or what was the reason that he suddenly decided to squat, but I really hope that this guy will get his shit together.
So I want to start body building but I really don't know where to start, I'm 5'5 or 5'6 (don't remember) and I weigh 240 pounds and I'm getting a gym memberships this week. I was hoping someone could give me tips on what to do or what not to do or just tell me how you started bodybuilding.
Start with food. As in less of it. And track what you eat. Also r/fitness, read the wiki and stuff
This is why i had to stop drinking.  Losing two days a week in hungover purgatory stops making sense.
Bulk is 2 months old and I already have the fat layer I was hoping to have at the end of it all lol you might catch me lookin like the Michelin Man by April
Anyone else have trouble with off-days? I know they're good for me long term, and the water-weight/bloat goes away once you're back in routine, but staying out of the gym is the hardest thing for me.
Go to the top posts in /r/jobs and read the saga of a guy who had that happen for months
Hahaha holy shit this is what I feel like. Everyone around me works on different things so I just kinda sit there and do whatever I want. I got moved to a new team that doesn't have a lead yet so I have no direct boss and my manager isn't in the office that much anymore. 
I had that happen too with my first job at a startup right after college.  I wanted more work, but it wasn't there.  I ended up getting laid off with a lot of other people.  I'm actually glad, because I didn't realize how shitty that job was.  It was boring, didn't challenge me or use the skills I had, the days were long, acting busy was stressful, etc.  Take some of that free time and look for other jobs.  I know it sounds nice being paid to Reddit all day, but it's so much better to have a job that keeps you busy and engaged.
Talk to your manager man. Ask them for more work. 
Veerrryyy corporate lol. Yeah, I've actually done exactly this. Talked to my new lead and see my manager about once or twice a week and briefly talk. Same thing every week though, "we'll get you on something soon." I am about to lose it, it's crushing honestly. I want to be productive and learn. Logically quitting would be absolutely retarded, but damn is tempting. 
I've had similar things at an old job and starting doing some online study. Managed to get through a full online certification while getting paid for it.  You get something new on your CV. You leave the day feeling good about yourself and if your boss should ask what you are been up to you can say training. 
Trust me, people notice if you don't do jack shit at work, this is gonna backfire. 
not sure if that is a good thing or not. 
Ultimately I know it's not helping my career at all. Makes sticking to a bb routine easy though. 
What type of work do you do?
Project engineer, oil and gas. My company was bought earlier in the year so there's been all kinds of transitioning and stuff with upper management. My department had lay offs a few weeks ago, thought I was going to get laid off for sure cause of the lack of work but nope. So I continue to sit waiting for a project. 
Maybe you should ask for some work. Might be shitty giving up no work but better off keeping the job. 
How does this happen? Don't you ask for more work when you finish a project? I'm genuinely curious, this seems so weird
Weird to me too man. This is my first job out of school so I don't know what it's like in other industries/companies, been here 2 years. Basically we work on projects, big projects, like hundreds of millions of dollars that take years to complete so it's not like they just roll in every day. With no projects there's no work and cause my company got bought and all the shit that is going on with that it's like everything just came to a halt for me. The new project I was working on got put on hold indefinitely back in June. 
Stock pile money bro, no joke. 
I got enough savings to last quite a while. It's to the point that if there's another round of layoffs I'm probably going to volunteer. 
Amazing what a good workout can do for your mental health. I had a bit of a soul crushing weekend and just smashed push day and feel awesome, kill your lifts. 
Well an update on the PT trying to kick my brother and I off the squat last time and us refusing, all weights lifting students are banned from the squat rack. So that's a thing, spiteful PT bitch.
What the hell, that's retarded
Yup, they just put the words "reserved" on it during the exact time weight classes are and this was a week after I wouldn't let her kick me off the equipment. Considering calling her out and talking to the professor about that being unprofessional bullshit. 
Bros. You know that position you sometimes see in porn where the guy is fucking the girl standing? What lifts should one do to be able to do that? I have a girl that wants me to do that to them and by "girl" I mean a sissy twink dude.
You're going about this the wrong way. Get a lighter girl. 
Invest in a crane.
Tried it once and dropped the girl. Definitely lied about her weight
Can anyone give me the run down on differen types of carbs for pre,intra, and post workout? I usually have a banana before working out and I feel like it is "instant" energy, is this just in my head? I see some guys carry around like sour patch kids and stuff to eat during their workout- is there certain carbs that go directly to glycogen storages or is that just for energy?   I know there is something about insulin with eating after a workout where you are suppose to eat carbs to spike it or something. But I'm pretty much clueless on what carbs do what or if they are all the same. All I know is once I had 2 poptarts before working out and I have never had a pump like that- placebo or not.   tldr- poptarts,banana, sour patch kids- run down on carbs? 
After 2 thankgivings I might be over 245... I'm not sure how I should feel right now. Forever bulk 20xx
230 is a bit heavy for acrobatics, no?
Beast mode acro. We have a few big guys and grills.
Thought about getting into acto myself but not really familliar with it. Would you suggest signing up with a partner or is it fine to sign up solo? Any sort of pre-reqs to keep in mind?
I just started showing up. My group is informal and very friendly. Everyone plays with everyone else and we are very safety conscious with teaching beginners. I've found most groups to be the same.
Natty? 
As much as Mike o'tren....
Haha, nice. Var and Primo I presume? 
I prefer not to discuss my supplements in public. I'll PM you.
...yup, she's hittin' the creatines hard...
Whey...
I have a friend who got very into acro in college, she has a great physique for never touching a weight. Those bodyweight peeps are no joke.
It is pretty awesome. The guy I'm basing can overhead press me like I'm nothing. And half the smaller guys can easily pop me several feet in the air. It's wild.
Core strength for dayssss
And they're jacked. People shit on bodyweight exercise but if you do it right you can get yooge
Nice motorboating technique a little fancy for my liking but good job Dave man.
im aroused by ur lats nohetero
Shhh bby is okay. Got that wide back. 
O'Hearn must have edited his wiki to remove "Tren O'Clen" etc. He didn't catch everything and if you look closely there are still lolz to be had.
Man, cutting is so easy. When you're not eating shit, it's really easy to say no to things. This bulk though, it's like my brain doesn't know how to draw a line between good, healthy carbs and a McFlurry. I think it's time to crash cut until Halloween.
LOOK HOW EARLY I AM.
Hi it's me ur brother
Ryanair got me stuck in Stansted airport for an extra 3 hours, made me miss my connecting train which made med miss out on time for lifting, sleeping and a lecture. Also non refundable train ticket.  Rip all kinds of gainz
Saw a dude doing tricep kickbacks in the squat rack today. Is this a reverse curl bro or something?
During my lift this morning I found out one of the guys I used to bounce with died this weekend. Did an extra set of OHP for his memory.   Then I found out my grandma has a bum squatting in one of her old farm houses. I asked her how much he was squatting and she didn't get it.   Grabbing the Ole Captain (my 1929 HR .38 Sw) and going over there to have a chat with him.   Should I wear my Security shirt to the funeral?
Didn't take preworkout and I think I might be able to sleep at a somewhat reasonable time today. I think I might just be really sensitive to the stuff, no clue if I'm honest.   Anyone else like that? Container says 4 hours before bedtime is the absolute limit, but I call bullshit on that.
Hit a standing OHP pr today. 75lb 3x8 an then 4 reps on the fourth set. Which is crazy because last week getting 70x4x4 was a struggle. I think my form was just on point.   Also super glad i have knee sleeves on the way. On my last set of squats my knee was starting to buckle no matter what cues i was using. Called it off. No pain, but not worth the risk
Up 13 lbs in 2 weeks on first cycle of test/dbol. All lifts are up, all sides are being managed. Something weird about being on cycle, is that I have been getting up and going to work hours earlier than normal. I'd normally be in between 9-10, groggy as fuck, and I'm now finding myself JUMPING out of bed at 7 in the morning to eat, take some pills, and head to work.   Also, tried marking an injection point at a 45 degee angle further up the quad, and it's working beautifully. No PIP. Though that also may be because of the 2 ibuprofen I took immediately after injection, and another 2 this morning.   Best I've felt in a long time.   
Started doing direct ab work this month - just hanging knee raises and planks, nothing exciting.  HOOOOOLYYY SHIEEETTTT. Why haven't I done this my whole life.  Also cutting, my core is going to look aesthetic as fuck by Jan 1 2017.  
I think I'm moving on up in the world.. My calves have gotten to the point where I'm not scared of wearing shorts in the public anymore
do girls have guy gym crushes too? Its too cute to think about two autistic r/bodybuilders having gym crushes on each other but both being too autistic to break the ice and talk to one another. Dream world.
If anyone has a secret gym crush on me, feel free to say hi tomorrow, I won't mind
Oh yeah we do. Most of the time I try and make conversation but they don't respond so it gets pretty weird. 
I'm my own gym crush
Been juggling injuries for the last year with a  back sprain and a popped peronal tendon. Doctor said can get used to the tendon, but my back has flared up with a weak back workout and some bowling. I want an mri of my back since x-rays haven't shown anything. Remember to stretch twice a day bros. 
Haven't played pickup ball in three weeks. Had a nasty fall on my left hip but feeling ready to get back on the court. Wish me luck brosephs.
What's a cheap carb I can replace rice with? I find it bloats me way too much and it fucks with my head how fat it makes me look
pasta, potatoes
I haven't been able to go to the gym since last Wednesday due evacuating for the hurricane and various power outages and such. But I've been moving some serious logs from the damage so that feels like a workout in itself. The gym reopens today and I've never been more excited 
stay safe neighbor
Started smolov today... Pray for my legs brahs
Slow the bulk down? Do you have a goal weight?
Started my first cycle last night. Still feels a little surreal but I can't wait to start getting shanked.
Day 1 back at my internship. There are free snacks in the kitche ln including pop tarts. The bulk is calling but I'm already too fat. Time to cut for a little bit then stock up on sweaters and hoodies to hide the remaining fat when I bulk for the winter winter.
Just had a bittersweet test week for my three rep maxes. Smashed 315lb for 20 consecutive reps on deadlifts but couldn't even put up 255lb for 6 reps on back squats (different days). Trying not to let it frustrate me but the disparity between my upper and lower body is too aggravating.
Im assuming you touch and go. Makes a massive difference when comparing reps vs dead stop.
Hit a bench pr of 295 yesterday. Weird, since I'm about a week into a cut and have been feeling like shit since I started. 
I was deciding whether or not I should cut. Well, being sick decided it for me. Last 3 days I must have eaten a total of 4000 calories and shitted 3999. How fortunate.  Isn't it good when nature helps you make decisions? 
So I just injured my shoulder while benching because of some dipshit spotter. First set 3 solid reps no problem, second set I ask someone just to be safe and this fucker grabs the bar immediately at the first rep making me lose form and fucking up. Skipped most other exercises that caused it to hurt, hope it'll be better in a week or two
Can't blame him solely
So I'm going to try out Myprotein whey for the first time. What are the best chocolate and vanilla flavors? I usually only like plain chocolate or vanilla but I am open to other suggestions.    If I remember correctly there was a thread in here that had a vote to rank all of the flavors but I couldn't find it so if somebody could link me that I would be very grateful.    Also, I love lift
salted caramel is the shit. 
Can confirm, salted caramel is the one. Also strawberry cream and raspberry. 
Missed gym three days in a row, cuz I lost my student ID card so fml. 
Aren't you in there often enough that they recognize you and just let you in?  
missed 3 days of gym in a row cuz of hurricane matthew.. fml.
I have nothing of use to contribute to this DD but I was on here any way and saw this posted 6 minutes ago. So hey. 
Hey 
Hi
What's a good recipe for tomato stew 
2 tomatoes 1 stew 
2 guys 1 scoop 
Just so you all know, Indina Menzel has a new album out.  I just smashed a shoulder workout to it, it's epic.
Stayed in bed as much as I could and used NAC to clear out the respiratory airways.   I need to get some throat syrup next time. 
Old school but works wonders for me.  Hot cup of tea , 1-2 shots of Vodka / Cognac into the tea drink it down and sweat it out in bed, that and hot showers is how I fight it off quick.  I would probably take less weight but same volume if I wanted to train while still a little bit sick.
Add a little lemon and honey, and you've got yourself a hot toddy.
Do you guys incorporate percentages into your programming? 
I have to. It holds me accountable and keeps me moving forward. Plus I basically prescribe to the school of size through strength. 
He's a nice guy but I don't think he has the expertise.
get better
Literally start consuming everything in sight
But look at my lift numbers. Aren't they too low for that kind of program?
adjust the numbers to your own lift numbers
Just eat everything dense in calories fuck the macros for now, that shit comes later on when your truly dedicated and have some mass on you.  You NEED to eat.
you fukin druggo
Any of you guys get serious headaches while using the leg press? Squats don't bother me at all, but for some reason leg press gives me some insane headaches. 
Check your breathing. For me, any kind of headaches in the gym most likely come from forgetting to breathe correctly. 
Yeah, I used to get these headaches on leg press almost a year ago, and then i started focusing on my breathing and it helped. I still focus on breathing but I just started getting them again. Kind of annoying.   They're not normal headaches either. They slowly creep up in the back or my head, kind of by my neck. 
By the neck usually is muscle and tendons tension build up from being too tight during leg press. I don't really know what im talking about tho, just experience
That sounds reasonable. I kind of have a theory that I only get the pain when I lean my head back onto the backrest behind me. I'll try not to do that on my next leg day and see what happens. Thanks, bud. 
I know some people who got tension headaches by looking up when they were squatting. Could be the same sort of scenario. I also have no idea what I'm talking about, but it's anecdotal evidence. 
Can competitors in the classic division abuse synthol more easily than in the bodybuilding division?  By this i mean after weigh in inject synthol to gain an advantage? I've tried finding out how much time competitors have between weigh in and stepping on stage and had no success. Anyone able to clear this up?
Never more than 24 hours, most times less, and i don't think thats how synthol works
This isn't how synthol works
how so? would you need to be injecting it over a longer of period of time to see results?
I've never used it, but from my understanding, you've got to do smaller injections over time to really use it properly. Synthol typically causes your to lose separation and muscle to appear smooth. Last thing you want on stage
Woke up today with a really tight/sore bicep. Which is weird because I last trained them on Saturday and felt nothing yesterday. Chest and arms turned into just chest and tris, and even just getting the DBs hurt my bi's a little. I guess all I can do is hope it goes away overnight.
yeah doms are always bad 2-3 days after for me.  did biceps on saturday and they're sore af, feels like my muscle is peeling off the bone when I fully extend at the elbow. 
DOMS always worst 2nd day after brah
Its legday and i didnt take my preworkout poop.. Fuck
Workouts shit because of cruising? Or because the lack of calories/carbs??? Hmmm  I always forget about the downsides of cutting besides appetite. This lightheaded throw up feeling at the gym isnt very fun
Are tricep pulldowns the best tricep workout? 
It's a good exercise for the lateral head. Also do CGBP and overhead extensions to fully hit the triceps
I prefer escalated jerk offs 3x69
It's mostly a forearm workout. 
You're gonna need more reps when you're dealing with a range of motion that short 
For hip thrusts my gf does 3x8 2x3 then max reps for hip thrusts and that booty is growing with lower reps no problems
Stop being a whiny twat and lift some damn weights.    Or, you know, check out r/fitness if you're obsessed with programming.
Wait I'm legitimately confused, you don't know what to do and want our advice, but you're telling us you won't listen to it?
I'm saying I want suggestions about how many sets and reps I should do for the exercises I listed. I really don't need or want anything else that doesn't have to do with that I presented. 
Noob programs often recommend higher number of sets and lower reps because that's what builds strength and noobs have none (relatively). If you're a bodybuilder with a good strength base looking to put on muscle size, then hypertrophy is good.   Also important to consider overall volume when setting up a lifting program.
Train your upper-body, you potato motherfucker. What kind of noob has the audacity to shit on noob programs or selectively choose the exercises that they want to do when they have no clue what exercises may benefit them?
Agreed. There's a lot to be learned in that sub, and the beginner programs are beneficial because they help a new lifter build a foundation and learn foundational exercises. This is a bodybuilding sub...not a babysitting forum where we help arrogant noobs develop half-assed programs
Ive experienced the same. Npc masters nationals was so fuckin long because every dude over the age of 45 entered into a trillion divisions. Cross over should only be permitted between a novice category and an open of the same type. 
Saaaalty
Idk man. I agree with you in principle, but what about people who are just starting out and are deciding what division they're better suited for? 
It's not about what division you want to be in, it's what division your physique belongs in. 
Some people are borderline and might want to see what they do better in so they know which direction to take their training. Like myself. I didn't do 2 divisions, but I was considering it. I did Classic, but I am borderline physique. And if I'm being honest with myself, I would have probably done better in physique. I decided to just do classic because I personally preferred it. But if I didn't have a preference, I would have done both to see which would be better for myself. 
I agree. That's what I did. I'm just saying that I can understand it for newbies. I don't like it for the people who've been doing it for a while though. 
Thats reasonable, and really wouldnt get on the nerves of anybody, I dont think. Im more annoyed by the guys who have done multiple shows but toss their hat into any arena theyre applicable to. 
Yea. I know that a lot of the guys that I've competed with say that they've seen guys do novice for like 3 years straight. That's worse IMO.
Isn't that quite literally against the rules?  I thought as soon as you've popped your novice on 1 show, you're no longer eligible.  Am I mistaken or are you saying that they disregard it and no one catches them?  
That's a "true novice". I'm pretty sure in the rules, as long as you haven't placed in a national event, you CAN do novice. 
ah okay I suppose that's fair enough maybe idk lol
Over 30 women's figure,  over 40 women's figure, over 50 women's figure.....and half of the girls are going up for all of them.  Same with men's.
People that crossover into a shit ton of other divisions are usually the people that jump from show to show. They never make it big, they just like to be in the spotlight
I know for new competitors who aren't sure where their physique looks best in, then this is where they might want to crossover. Other than that I don't know why people do fucktons of crossovers and their corresponding novice levels over and over just to rack in trophies. 
I see your point,  but at the same time I think that if you don't know where you belong, that your physique probably isn't developed enough to be competing. I understand a lower level of competition, but if your physique isn't very representative of a division, you shouldn't do a regional or national show in one division,  let alone 2 or 3.
A-fcking-men. Glad I'm not alone in this opinion. They're all trophy chasers. If you don't see the distinct differences between divisions, you have no business competing in either 
I've never competed in bodybuilding, and I would not have thought that you could even do this. Seems really weird for exactly the reasons you stated.
How do you even  make weight if you go in physique,  then classic,  then bb all in the same show?   
Physique is no weight  Classic physique is weight max by height Bb is just weight 
On principle I agree with you, and I approached my first couple shows with that mentality. I've changed my opinion though.  I competed in men's physique and did well, so I'm looking to compete in a national show in 2017. The amount of muscle mass required to even think about placing at an NPC national event is literally identical to the amount of muscle mass needed to be competitive in classic physique. Why the hell shouldn't I compete in both in my next regional show and see which one my physique fits better?  Now, what was upsetting was seeing guys signed up for novice who I watched win their class the week before at another show. You aren't a novice anymore you douche. I, to my detriment, was honest and withdrew from novice in my 2nd show after placing well in my first. I was the last (tallest) member of my class and was the only non-crossover in my class in open physique. I literally got the least amount of time in front of the judges out of all the other competitors. I obviously didn't place as well in that show.
That depends on how you define crossing over in the IFBB, because I can name multiple athletes who have switched from Open to 212 or vice versa
That's not what I'm talking about, I'm aware of that. I mean competing in several different divisions at the same show. 
Ah, yeah I'm pretty sure that's not alllowed in the IFBB
Guess i spelled his name wrong ...
It's spelled with an N for Nobac
I think you mean Boban, not Nobac
Lol wtf. 
He's gonna be bac next year.
Why does the thumbnail say 2 SCOOPS ? 
No idea. Links from generation iron (which admittedly is shitty)
When I saw the thumbnail I thought that he had a prosthetic leg.  Then I opened the image, saw the trophy, and realized I'm an idiot.
Thought the same thing. Should submit it to r/misleadingthumbnails
Damn, must be nice to win by prepping with a bulk.
I prefer that conditioning over dick skin.
speak for yourself 
I did lol
I was just using my username to be "funny", ignore me 
Me too. He's definitely well-conditioned, just not DS like we're used to seeing. 
he's just fat. look at that bloated stomach.
He's sub 7 dude
Not sure why you are getting downvoted, because he is sub 7, all of that "fat" is only water weight. 
Idk. Probably just some idiot who's been to the gym once. I'd be actually fristrated if I got downvoted to hell, that would mean this sub has an infestation
No, the stage shots are the best he had ever looked in real life. You say Instagram is deceiving and then you just let yourself be deceived anyway.  Not only is that pic filtered it is straight up photoshopped as well. Just go ahead and assume any pic you see on Instagram is a straight up lie because at this point it is the easier option.
I was only offering a fairer comparison , he has posing videos where he looked similar lol
Wow the 2 photos are like day and night
Probably my favorite U.K. Bodybuilder . Very happy for him 
Just one letter off from getting a sandow. Damn.
Ripped Gym Giant
I'm a big fan of his brother, but Paul seems... I don't know. Unfinished some how.
Well, Paul looks natural, where his brother looks like so Roided up freak.
1. Paul Huh is nowhere near natural.   2. Essentially everybody thats posted hear is on gear. If u dont use or dont condone it then thats fine, but ur on the wrong sub
I don't think that's accurate 
What's inaccurate? 
That everybody who has posted here is on gear. 
Oh you're that guy again, the one who always complains about roids.  Just do something more stupid and get yourself banned please, can't stand you anymore.
jeff pls
This is r/bb it's a part of the game baby
who's his bro?
jason huh
He's newer into to game I believe and he does physique not bb
He's going to have a tough time with that lack of taper
He looks weird because his arms are super short and his torso super long. Weird proportions.
No delts at all
I feel like if he worked on these weak points, he'd have a great classic look.
because he's smaller than jason? i'd rather have paul's physique tbh
I dont know man, I feel somethings missing on his physique
I'd also say that he has pretty much no V-Taper because of his big waist.
IMO it's his waist, and there isn't really much he can do about it since I know he does vacuums pretty regularly and there's only so much they can do.   I actually am really curious as to what his measurements are. 
His back is pretty lacking. 
I kind of agree his traps and maybe obliques seem to be lagging behidn the rest of his physique.  Not to rag on him he looks really impressive regardless.
maybe if he didn't look like he was in pain the whole time. he looks so unhappy
 This. He looks like he's about to give birth.  Would Ed Corney look like that? No. The man had gravitas and intensity no one else had. And he made it look effortless too.
Then is Rolley's face him giving birth to Paul, while Paul is giving birth to Genova? 
One of the most overplayed songs of the last 5 years. Poor choice. 
it played during every college football game last season. they HATE that song on r/CFB
I know you're getting downvoted, but seriously. Fuck that stupid song. 
I like the video with the iron man theme, it was pretty good.
He looks like he can't even pull his scapular back all the way notice how his biceps seem to be tipped forward through out the posing, makes him look smaller. 
I never noticed that before. Good eye. I wonder why that is
Eh
His choice of music is always amazing. 
I can, and just did. 
I love that hes comitting past the Olympia.  Going to be really interesting to see how much more muscle he can put on if he keeps lifting for another year or so.
inb4 heart attack within the next year
Dude looks a lot healthier and than most of his colleagues.
he might "look" healthier but i doubt blasting copious amounts of gear at 52 can be good for you
Is he ever gonna post a full shot of his body, or are we just always going to see random pieces of him out of context 
Someone here is crafty enough to piece them all together 
I just painted a disturbing picture of Kevin in my head 
Like a Mr. Potato Levrone
Olympia, the Forbidden One
Its time to L-L-L-L-L-L-L-LIFT 
5 of those and 35 pots of tren, too bad they are banned tho.
Honestly, I prefer him posting teases like this.  We'll see his full package when he steps on stage.  Seeing it all beforehand in perfect lighting with half a dozen filters and the appropriate angle tends to be a set-up for failure.  I mean, I love the guy, but just look at Sadik for example.  Dude looks like an absolute monster on Instagram.  Then he steps on stage and looks kinda washed out.  every.  single.  year.  Posting random body parts to Instagram is like seeing presents under the tree, and the competition is Christmas day.
Either way it sets up for dissapointment hahaha
In Levrone's case?  Yeah, lol.  Maybe if he posts his legs we won't all be so upset next time.
Whatever happens I hope he has to actually qualify this time. He got his invite last time and tanked, he shouldn't get special treatment this time as he wants to really compete this time
The left part looks like a dick 
I'd be curious to see what Roelly measures at 
Agreed, Roelly must be bigger than this
Man went full Veruca Salt mode this year, bursting at the seems. 
You're thinking of Violet Beauregarde, bruh
Yeah man, Violet went straight Roelly mode 
Buendia's waist is only 3 inches bigger than that, crazy to think about 
Legit 24s? As in no synthol/"oils"? I think someone could make a case of many top bodybuilders use something to boost a bit in some areas. Not saying Ramy do, but there is no way knowing unless he state he do. 
Idk man he probably do use oils but then he probably don't do we just don't know u right. But if he do then do it make it legit or do it make it not legit 24s? Do answer that question. 
Oh, I don't really care, just wanted to know what OP meant with legit. Wouldn't suprise me if most pro inserted something somewhere to bring up a weak area. Do it make it legit 24s? No, not really. Inserting something like oil is to help bring up that muscle, without "working it", and if you lack arms, and work hard to make it grow but it don't, inserting something to make them bigger isn't legit.
Was that english
Meh, not native speaker. My grammar has been going steadly downhill since school, I suspect it's the fact that the most English I get to read is from Reddit, and since there is many with either poor grammar or not native speaker themselves, I "pick up" a lot of wrong and bad habits when typing. Like, what I wrote when reading seems fine, and I'm not even sure where my mistake(s) are even tho you point something out.
Just think that you are not a native speaker and that some americans cannot read what you wrote SMH  Just think of that all americans will have to learn german all of a sudden  who gonna do that? who gonna be capable of that? no fucking body  americans are shit at language skills and europeans trump em on that
was that English? You mean there are europeans donald trump?
Sure seems to be working out though doesn't it
Just a couple of right words with the wrong tense. I wouldnt even stress over it. Use/using and do/does. What you meant to say was very clear and very obvious lol.
Ah yea, do and does is quite obvious tho. I do know the difference, I just kinda forget you are supposed to switch...Stuff like that is what I "lost" from school days, basically. Just being careful of easy grammar mistakes.
What's your native language?
Norwegian, which make for me to do easy mistakes. Our grammar is a bit simpler, like "I am, you are, he/she/it is" in Norwegian is "Jeg er, du er, han/hun/det er", everyone using "er"  Stuff like that which deviate from the English way of doing it. But in other fields we are a lot more complicated, so unless you are in school and practice correct grammar, it's easy to do slip ups.
Don't worry, your English is still better than most native speakers, especially people on Reddit. I wouldn't have guessed you weren't a native English speaker by the way you type, just figured it was a typo.
Oh, I don't. I got top grade in school, so I know my English will always be passable, even though never perfect. Me getting top grade was mostly because the rest of the class kinda sucked or didn't even want to use English in class...was a bit of a clusterfuck. But worked out for me in the end.
They don't think it be like it is but it do
Between professional bodybuilders, not between Brazilian synthol dudes (even thought pros use synthol too, does any of them have 24s?)
That it had been proven, and not just one bold claim that hasn't been proven
I mean he probably does. It would be somewhat stupid not to (from a competitive viewpoint ofc). People have been using stuff like esciclene for decades.
Ain't no 26" arms...
dillett really was from another planet...
In his prime, only quints could defeat him.
greg is milking them angles hard.
Kovacs' is at a pretty significant angle, hardly legitimate. 
You mean legit 23 and 3/4s? Or are we rounding up?
I could fit my finger between the tape and the tricep
Yeah... There's a fair amount of tuck in that tape
We all round up
Nah dude, we're all 6'3" with 9 inch dicks. 
Only when I fold it in half, bruh.
I'd say there have been plenty of 24s no one cared about or that simply weren't on record. I mean having 24s does not make you a good bodybuilder, even if they are real.  What about strongmen for example? Sure they got plenty of fat but the also got plenty of muscle, it's just that no one cares about their muscle. I think someone like Thor or Shaw might have legit 24s underneath their padding. 
That looks recent. He's lost a fuck ton of weight lately
kevin levrone's were 24 back in 02. And roelly's arms were bigger than ramy's on stage. Arms are actually a weak point for him.
Well this pic is from 2014/2015, Ramy's arm lost lots of size this year for whatever reason. And I meant proof through photograph or video, not claims
Didn't ronnie?
Yeah ronnie had 24s.
Ronnie claimed to have 24s, but in 2003 there was a video of him measuring them and they were 22 3/4 I think
That's after he rubbed lotion though
I see your point
Someone find that video of Ronnie and Jay measuring . /Lazy
I thought the hulkster had the first 24inch pythons
Wait, I thought arnold had 27?
He did, and zyzz had 30s
What's Joff at? 72s?
yah, meters
420 inches
And he's natural too, imagine his arms on tren
Godly 
I have two 45s.    Aka my max bench full suit with 4 inch max rom. Mirin or naw?
Nah, look again, 1/8th inch too short...
Fake tape measure OR not pulled tightly behind
I hope we get more Balkan body builders. I've only heard of this guy and Sadik.
Maybe just write it as 'ch', it'd be easier for ppl to read it anyway
He has nice forearms
This guy is aesthetic af irl.
These pics kinda hide his alien like long torso.
only 26 too. hopefully we see more of him over the next few years
Much more impressive than Bonac. 
Nicolas Cage?
The definition of dickskin.
What does that mean
Classic physique requires a neck
Because he's a tool
Something something haters..
downvoters dont realise your actually mocking Dongle.
Isn't he too heavy?
Yeah he'd likely have to lose a bit of size
15lbs if I recall.
People lose that in water cuts. Arash is like 20-25 lbs heavier than his weight limit, but he cuts it the last days of prep.
I know, I'm saying Artemus himself said he'd have to lose 15lbs of mass to be able to make weight.
because insta filters
He isn't symmetrical or aesthetic. Nothing about his physique is classic other than his self proclamation.
Any backstory to this? I am out of loop about the artemus hate, Heard about the guy but never cared enough to figure out why he's got a bad rep.
google leo donis, then you'll see.
bruhhhhh    he should be thicker
he was in a porno lol
provide link for research    ty
something something grapefruit
He looks pretty good now. 
PT, for what?
I'd still shove a full sized cactus up my ass for artemus's physique
I said he looks good, not that he'd place on an Olympia stage. His arms are his most improved body part.  Guy thinks he's the authority on physiques and it's annoying.    "NO ONE FUCKING GETS IT"
Wanted to work on his physique more and see who the judges chose this year to get an idea of what the new division would be like. He would look a lot better imo if he brought up his chest and arms a lot. The turtle shell back with stick arms and no pecs looks like shit.
Hilarious how the correct answer as at the bottom.  Artemus is working very hard on his physique atm and is bulking beyond what he's ever done.  He has only 1 pic of his current status and has been very elusive the past few months.  
Probably all the porn he's done, or the classic 'it politic' excuse
He had a booth at the Olympia Maybe that has something to do with it
This. Money over competitions
I've never heard of this guy but he kinda looks like Finnick Odair if he didn't die and was on gear. 
He wanted to promote his clothing line at the Expo He had guests like Tom Platz, so he had to decide to compete or not. 
I never really train obliques or abs super heavy in hopes to get my core to look like his
Looks like a nightmare bodybuilding porn video.
What's going on in this picture lol?
He had cramps and froze on stage, most likely because of diuretics.
Fuck, that must hurt like hell
Shit, I laid down in bed wrong last night, could not sleep after that. This dude was on a whole other level charlie horse.
Haha Jesus that never gets old 
Paul Dillet doesn't give a fuck what you think
Paul Dillet had some illness that caused muscle cramps and stuff. So can't really blame him. 
Do you for sure know it was illnes? From what I know it's quite easy to cramp up on diuretics. 
I recall that he said he had some sort of heavy asthma. You can see how hard of a time he has even breathing on stage which caused him to never be able to really relax.
Explains why 2011 Phil just looks so much better. He doesn't look like he is trying too hard.
Looks like a greek statue.
He looks like he should be in the Beatles omg  
The greatest. 
That separation between the serratus and back and chest my gawd I'm just staring 
Been playing around with Sony Vegas editing software recently.  Sorry this GIF is a bit large, but it's one of my favorite little moments in Pumping Iron. Ed Corney was a class act.
One of my favorite parts of Pumping Iron is when Ed is squatting and he hits straight muscle failure and arnold is like TWO MORE and Ed forces em out and just falls on the ground.  It's just really inspirational watching the greats give everything they have in the gym.
That scene is amazing. My favorite part is when Arnold walks over him to stack the weights for his own set like it's normal haha
I like to imagine one of the camera crew lookin concerned and Arnold is just like "It's okay this happens every leg day."
I love how 70's this scene is. Even Ed's groans and that little head thrust he does only happened then. 
"c'mon let's get serious"
Every time I view a youtube video I promise myself I'm not going to read the comments, but I always do, and they're always cancer. Pretty much every comment is "lol I can squat more than this". 
Gotdamn. That scene is great
That music. Man, if this were edited today, there'd be all this inspirational Explosions in the Sky bullshit. 
Is Explosions in the Sky viewed negatively or something? I love listening to them when I'm feeling exhausted after a long day and just want something chill and relaxing to listen to.
No, it's all just overly dramatic a majority of the time.
That mustache is the real star of this gif
Moustachfinitely sir
Notice the face? How he doesn't look like is trying to squeeze out a particularly large shit?
He's from Metalocalypse
The bassist for the world's greatest band Dethklok
William Murderface Murderface Murderface
I'm a lurker around here. I wouldn't say I'm into bodybuilding, but I follow it because I'm just trying to become the best version of myself, and I'm trying to improve my biological fitness, if ya know what I'm saying. I read Arnold's Encyclopedia of bodybuilding, and while I didn't really care for the topic of bodybuilding competition myself, I couldn't help but appreciate his passion for the sport. To me it looks like a bunch of huge guys stretching on stage, but he describes it so eloquently, with such admiration, that it's almost like his passion rubs off. In the gif, he looks at the routine like work of art (not that it isn't), and he appreciates it like somebody appreciates fine wine or a piece of music.  Ya know, over the summer, I talked a lot to a friend of mine. I'm trying to become a more social person, and after spending time with him, he showed me how important it is to be passionate about  something. Initially it seemed obvious, but I learned that there's so much charm in watching somebody fall in love with something. To see somebody with so much intrinsic motivation for something, whether you yourself like the thing or not, is beautiful.
Ed had an amazing physique, great proportions for his size.
Does anybody have the gif when arnold and ed are poseing in the shower? No homo doe
The golden era. Modern bodybuilding is a let down.
Looking at you Rich Piana and co 
I feel like Rich Piana is still rebelling against his parents from making him come home early in high school.
I honestly don't know what he's about. He looks like a nice and genuine guy from his YouTube videos but he's got a fucked up view of bodybuilding
I think he's ill. He's the opposite of someone anorexic.
The term is bigorexia.  
Megarexia sounds like a fuckin pokemon evolution.
So fluid. This guy is living art.  What a beast. 
Looks like Carlos Santana.
wasn't this guy like 45 at this time too? absolute beast
He's like the testosterone filled love child of Arnold and Carl weathers.
Me naked to my Wife on my way to have a shower...
Great posing, one of the best posers
The way he moooves
Awesome mustache, calm expression on his face like he's not trying to force the muscles, and very straight posing and transitions.  He just became my hero.
You can sort of tell how old a video is by hair and facial style. 
Jesus that's a lot of downvotes just for making an observation, even if it is somewhat irrelevant and/or obvious. This sub...
Thanks, I'm not sure what's that all about. I'll remember to be more careful when posting here.
I feel the downvotes are just because of your inexperience with bodybuilding culture, which is incorrect of them to downvote you.  This is taken from the bodybuilding cult classic 'pumping iron', which stars Arnold Schwarzenegger in a Mr Olympia competition prep. In true documentary style, it follows him and a few others who competed in a candid style and also personal interviews with each person.  It's a must watch for any aspiring bodybuilder.
I'm not sure how experienced I am with the culture, but I've been going to the gym for 15 years or so. I  just thought that most bodybuilders don't wear moustaches any more. I might be wrong. 
You better watch yourself around here bud   /s
You can tell this video is old because Arnold isn't 70
My girl is finally getting to the point where she can distinguish between a natural and enhanced lifter. It brings tears to my eyes I'm so proud lol
Wait til she knows more about gear than enhanced lifters.....feels good man
Um how can you tell?  I would love to put you to the test because I'm going to call bs. Unless you look like a watermelon over night you can't really tell
I feel like it's obvious to anyone who has been lifting long enough. Traps and delts man. There are always discrepancies (those with great genetics who work hard and those who are on gear, but aren't utilizing it to its full effectiveness), but it's not rocket science otherwise. The best compliment you can give a natty lifter is the question of what PED's they use lol
I'll put money that I can stump you.  Gear makes growth happen faster. Not changing the outcome   He has shoulders popping out and nice traps he must be on gear 
Lol you could find cases that would stump me, of course. But that third sentence is just simply not true. You think you can naturally look like the guys in the IFBB? It changes rate of change yea but it it ABSOLUTELY changes the outcome. You do realize you are saying that the IFBB bodies are obtainable naturally, right? 
Dude your talking extreme examples. I taking the average guy at the gym who uses. You can't tell. However you are calming you can.  You must be one of 170 lbs hardcore natty guys huh? Anyone bigger than you must be using bro.
I'm 200 lbs, but okay. And I think your confusing me with one of those people that looks down on PED's. I don't use em because the IPF drug tests, not because I care about them or think they are "cheats." . Keep your personal feelings out of arguments. It has nothing to do with how I look or envy. If you're on gear, and doing it right, it (as it should be) is usually pretty obvious. If it's not obvious, then I guess it sucks to be that dude. 
Once again you can't tell bro. That's all I'm saying.   
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Have a good gym day, man
Imo it's not just the legendary "roid shoulders and traps", for me the biggest giveaway is the stupid full arms that look like they have been pumped with a water pump.
I agree that's a huge thing too. I tend not to look to those primarily because of how much insertions play a part in arms
From my experience I have seen more guys on gear with disporportionate arms (because of glycogen and water retention from drugs) versus the common "huge traps and shoulders" thing you hear all the time.
"You look great what is your workout secret"  "Every time I want to set a PR I listen to Welcome to the Black Parade"
You mean everytime you want to suck a dick?  
You got me bro
Test boosters, thoughts? I once heard someone say if they actually work they would be illegal.  Thoughts on that?
They're bullshit. Tribulus will give you killer morning wood though
What brand do you recommend?
From what I've heard some people did notice a bit of a boost, pretty minuscule though and not worth it
Placebo effect
More expensive than real gear, less effective than diet change.
will shut you down. The best way to boost your testosterone is just to inject it into yourself.
Trying Mr. Hyde for the first time. Haven't taken pre workout in almost 3 months so it's currently hitting me like a mule with its balls wrapped in duct tape.
That was my first
Hillary just said that the gains have all been going to the top.   Fucking painful leg neg, Hillary. Hurts 
Trump going HAM. He's the Rich Piana of politics.
don't you ever compare that cheeto to our beloved piano again
Pushing it but Buendia and Danny Hester aren't much taller
well danny hester won classic and he is 5'6".  
Going to bed tonight will be a straight 4 weeks (28 days) sober. I've stuck to my cut one hundred percent and making great progress. 
Congrats dude, I'm closing in on a year sober.
Well everyone thought that when guzman and nikki got back together, and look what happened.
What happened?
Don't know, I didn't really look at either of their videos, but it seems like it's completely over for them by the title of christian's video.
Hey guys. Canadian thanks giving. 25 days into my cut and I dropped all responsibility and discipline. Had s great time with family so great I just threw up second time. Lotd of turkey.  Deserts and booze... I au t training fof no shoe but I may have just lost everything I lost in last 25 days. Csnt wait to weigh myself Tuesday at gym and know how bad I fucked up. Y'all can bitxh me out for discipline but it was a glorious insane eating day. Edit. Woops long story short..happy Thanksgiving r/bb may the gainz be with u
To.dru k don't care.  Kill your lifts. Crush your souls. Fuck your grillz
I believe he's saying that he "ain't training for no show." Seriously, I think that's it, and I think my superpower is understanding drunk people
you are drunk  my  friend
So drunk. Little guilty for calorie j tske but also not. Don't kill my b Vibe bro. May gain z be with u
LMAO  you do you homie
We all do you bro. Crush your lifts fucker. 
You don't know me......lol
But it is. It's all part of the plan and when it isn't, well, then sometimes .. you need.to.tske a step back to make a few steps into the future 
u 2 
Haha, no, I at least made it home before posting. 
half of these people posting motivational quotes have barely struggled. Hell, I've seen Instagram models posting motivational quotes of pictures of them making tea.
Just accidentally took two scoops of mesomorph. What have I done RIP 
I never understand how someone can "accidentally" take two scoops. You pour one scoop into a glass of water, you see its red... and then forget if you scooped it or not?  What happened here fam?
Take your pre then go to throw some BCAA's into a bottle for gym and throw some more pre in ? 
My pre was stolen so I was using my girlfriends. I took two scoops from hers and threw it in a cup and was going to measure out half for today and half for tomorrow. About two hours later when the time came to take it I forgot I put two scoops in the cup and poured some water in and drank it. About 5 minutes later I realized what I had done. 
Someone stole your pre ? Wtf
Yeah they broke into my car and stole everything. My gym bag was in there and my pre in that. 
I accidentally the whole can
So theoretically, could someone's leg day just be deadlifts?   Deadlifts(glutes)(probably want to do squats tho), trap bar dl(quads), rdl(hammies), calf raises with barbell ?
I did this for a while when I was injured and it worked okay-ish kinda. Trap bar diddlys on a deficit work okay for quad work 
all those deadlift variations just hit the same muscles anyway
Is there a reason you can't squat?
oh no i can  just asking
I would highly recommend always keeping squat, bench and deadlift in your workouts. The big 3 are just too beneficial. Squats work your quads, hamstrings, glutes, hips, and back. Deadlifts just aren't a replacement.
Solid work, man. How tall are you?  Also, (and I understand this is a 1RM so form won't be perfect), it looks like you sort of launched yourself backwards out of the hole and then had to grind it out once you re-centered your weight. Not sure if it was just a one-time thing under a super heavy load, but if it's a recurring problem, working on it could help your numbers a ton.
Once you got recentered you made it look easy. Nice job man.
Ayyyy 5'7 squad 
Thoughts on if Jeff Nippard is natty or not? Doesn't really matter to me if he is or not (my opinion that he's a cool and informative dude stays the same), just wondering what everyone thinks.
not natty i think
I'm torn, but I'm leaning towards not natty.
I'd say he's certainly natty.  I'm slightly taller (5'5), slightly heaver, and leaner.  His chest and arms are much better than mine and he's probably much stronger considering his PL background, but he's got nearly a decade of lifting experience on me.
Fuck. First day back in gym after virus. Dear god heavy gravity day or what. I got stuck in the taint to floor position on squat and barely pushed out of it and that was on warmups. Oh well, back to grind maybe came back too soon after illness
Y you too
'My squat rack' I hate when people are in my rack
Are the Macros still the same if I use toast instead of bread for waterbread meals ?  
Watertoast? What hath god wrought?
Trying this now. Watertoast is a thing
Well, life is on the up and up boys.  Added 10lbs to my bench this week after stalling for fucking ever. Hooked up with the girl that's been making eyes at me all week friday, turns out she lives three floors below me and is super down for a casual thing. Last night she sent me a snap of her and some dime at a party asking if I wanted a threesome. Would have happened if she hadn't blacked out but this morning she told me she's super down to make it happen. Is this making it?
Damn brah if that's not making it, then I don't wanna make it.
Only if there's pics
Ex's last message to me today was that i walk like a duck, because of my glutes, lmao. She meant it as an insult, which is funny since she's an adult.
Currently doing pplx2 but I'm getting tired of training on the weekend as I have a very physical job and I'm always tired so I want more rest. I was thinking of switching to phat as it's 5 days but I'm not sure if I'll make decent progress on it because of the smaller amount of volume so I'm not sure what to do. Any thought? 
You could just do pplppxx, lpplpxx, plpplxx, etc  You'd cycle through longer rest periods for each period of your routine too.
I've been doing this for a while but for some reason it feels weird I don't know why 
I do PPLPPxx PPLPPxx because fuck it
Yeah, same. gg
Arms for life. 
If you have a physical job during the week, wouldn't you be more tired during the week and have a lot more energy on the weekends? 
PHUL bruh. But remember all of these are just templates, not programs - you pick and choose the exercises and volumes you want to do fam
fuck shrugs, rows and face pulls are where it's at cuh
Facepulls are mainly for the rear delts and rows work the traps but they are not they prime mover. Saying "fuck shrugs" is like saying "fuck curls" for biceps, they are the main trap exercise man. If someone has lacking traps then he definitely should consider doing shrugs.
Completely disagree, if you do rows with proper form you mostly hit your lats and your teres/upper back, you hit more of the erectors the more you cheat and use your traps instead of your back to lift the weight.  It's exactly the same with biceps, some people have great bicep genetics and can get big biceps with just back movements and one curl here and there are others who simply must curl to make them big.  Same for traps, sure some people can get away with getting good traps just from rows and deadlifts (most likely you from your post) but a lot of people simply need to do their shrugs to make them grow.
I hate transformation photos that start pre-puberty.
You sure love to post your transformations right? Your progress is amazing and you've done a great job, don't get me wrong, but I see them everywhere lol. 
Is this your account too?  /u/OldschoolAesthetics 
You mean there's two Swedes, who shitpost, get triggered by my pics, and never post a picture of themselves?
You okay?
What did you take for those 3d delts
Lat raise every day high volume for 14 months.
Shitpost is all swedes do mate. 
I think he is insecure and needs reassurance.
This is the exact kind of autism I expect from this sub
or even during puberty/teen age years. It's a hard one to criticise becuase I don't mean to take away from the effort and dedication which they are obviously putting in. But y'all also grew taller during that period lol
7400kcal to meet my protein goal? I'll pass.
i may be weak and i might be a gym rat but even i know this shit wont help me
It's literally designed for u FUCKING EAT IT
its designed for lab rats mate and im a fucking gym rat
The gym is god's lab to create the best organisms so ur a lab rat now eat ur gel
only if its endorsed by ronnie 
Do I get my own version too?
Went partying two days ago and it fucked up my whole body for my leg day 
hungover squats are the worst idea i ever had
Nervous system felt horrible 
Found out my university's weightlifting teams deadlift record for my weight is only 15kg above my current max. I will be joining shortly.
Congrats on your soon to be record mane
If my uni had a weightlifting team....
Start one then?
Man how do I even start that
Make a facebook group, put up some posters and see who turn up. If they're any good make a team and go to a local meet?
LOL at the imgur comments
I have a sneaking suspicion that almost all of the comments that disagree are New Year Resolutioners or "I'll start going this Monday for sure" type people
Or the r/fit crowd that praises you no matter how shitty and retarded your diet is.   No need for suspicion, I'm sure. 
Yea needless to say my next sexcapade will at least have some semblance of a flat stomach. 
Tried to pull 210kg today, so close literally got stuck at the last 1" of lockout. Some Rack pulls next week and a big breakfast should have it before Halloween. My Hammies were so tired they were literally quivering.
Took preworkout, get to the gym and it's closed cos of some boat rowing event. My gym is next to the river so yeah... my whole body is getting tingles and I can't lift.  Fking ymca. 
Push-ups in the parking lot. You're there, you're ready. Make it happen
They blocked off the parking lot lol. It is my push day, may as well knock some out at home.
grab your boat and get in on that rowing action
You gotta fix the knees caving in, man
I'm conscious of it. I know it happened on the 415 lift and corrected immediately. 405 lift was solid tho. 
Lack of gluteus causes that  Google over head squat test  
Haha 1,200 calories is basically macro-only foods. Tilapia and whey diet. He probably just drinks a scoop and thinks he's accounted for protein.
Well boys, she did it for me before I visited. Time to drink away the pain 
Lift. Time to lift away the pain. Drinks are for winners.
Lift away the pain, homie. Don't resort to drugs
Unless the drugs are Tren?
Bro you should get back at her  Got any nudies?
I do but I can never get the angle right on my dick.
Strong Curves by Bret Contreras is a great starting resource. 
I want to make my own. I've already skimmed the routines in SC and if I cut out the exercises I don't like, nothing is left lol
What exactly are you looking to develop and what don't you like about the program?
If you're really new, you're better off working with a program made by someone experienced, at least for a few months.   
If you're a noob you shouldn't be making your own routine. That makes no sense. Learn how to lift first by following a tried and true routine. 
"hi. I want advice"  Here's some great advice  "Fuck your advice" 
It would be great advice to someone who never heard of hip thrusts, Bret Contreras and SC before. 
Be aware that nothing you make is unique. The exercises that are out there are there because they work. All you're going to do is arrange them in an order that amuses you - and I guarantee that someone else has done it before. All we can do is offer up a pile of exercises and splits, and you have to take it from there.
It's not about being unique. I just have some exercises I don't want to do. 
Exactly which exercises do you not like and why? Maybe we can offer some alternatives. Because the above is too broad - we can't help unless you give us more info. 
That's a decent variety of leg exercises. You should be okay, though I would suggest finding a few others to mix in when you get too used to those. Additionally, why no upper body work? Do you mind if I ask you to provide an example of your goal physique? Even for women, upper body is an important part of a good physique. 
I don't want a muscular upper body, I want it to be lean and people always say women can't get big, but I see before and afters and women get bigger shoulders, thicker arms, wide backs, etc which takes away from the lower body.   Anyway, my problem is I don't know how many sets x reps to do, whether three or four days is enough, how much volume I need, should I add five pounds every workout or every week, etc. I only have a list of exercises. That's why I said I need to make a routine. 
Safe start - 3x8-12 of everything. As you become able to do 12 comfortably, increase the weight. Different rep ranges can come into play as you become more experienced. But for now, use the above to get started. Build a foundation. And don't worry about going too heavy early on - ego lifting will only hurt you.   Do you think people like Heidi Somers or Nikki Blackketter never do upper body? You won't get bulky unless you're trying to be. Certainly, women have more legs days than anything else, especially compared to us guys. But don't neglect upper body completely, or you'll hate yourself. If you do legs 3 days per week, do upper body twice. One day for back, biceps, and abs. And another for chest, shoulders, and triceps. You won't be overdoing it, but at least you'll have a small foundation. 
Learn to love the exercises instead of tucking them away. So many exercises that I hated when I first started which I now love.. Bench, french press, barbell rows, lateral raises, etc etc.. Just keep grinding. When you know more or less all of the usual exercises, start picking the ones that work for you, these you will also enjoy. 
This isn't bad. I might throw in some hip thrusters or donkey kicks for glute isolation though. And yeah, she should definitely do some upper body.
this is good. I'd add split squats and swap out deads for rdls so she can learn glute/ham mmc first.  op if you want more insight, try posting in /r/xxfitness there are a lot of lady lifters over there.
Don't discount upper body exercises. You're not going to be bulky, and they will help, particuarly with giving you good posture. Go for Full body workout 3x per week (you can focus more on lower body), or Upper/Lower 2x per week (total of 4 days in the gym). If you want a phat ass, make sure you squat, lunge, and deadlift. 
It's really hard convincing people when you're injured since when you lift your "normal" function is a bit different.  "Oh I hurt my back pretty bad."  "Oh that's terrible. Is it hard getting through your day."  "Yeah mainly just when I pick stuff up over 300lbs I don't feel comfortable."  "Uhm..."
For me, it also makes me take other people's injuries less seriously. I don't know, I know everything's relative, but I have a hard time sympathizing with you because you pulled a "neck thingie" while clipping your toenails.
The God of gains is looking out for me brothers. I'm on my first ever cut, but last night I went out for some drinks to watch the football (straight spirits only). After the last bar I got a taxi and just showed the guy the McDonald's arches, ready to hit belly for 4-6 sets of burger eats (literally, I was going to get at least 4 burgers).  Driver dropped me off at a random corner and motioned in front of him. This is China so I neither know the lay of the land nor speak the language. I assume it's just in front but obscured by the trees, so I get out and he drives off.   The Ds is nowhere in sight. Cut to me walking around a random area of my mid sized Chinese city showing random people pictures of the famous arches. People pointed me in various directions, but after a good hour of boosting about what appeared to be a business district at dawn's first light, I eventually had to give up and go to this 24 hour Korean place. Where, I kid you not, the only thing they had left was a big bowl of chicken and rice.  It honestly feels like the taxi driver was my guardian angel. He saw i was looking fluffy and guided me down the righteous path. Back to my cut with renewed vigour today, knowing I have a watchful eye looking over my shoulder.
The other day i told a dude at my gym to go lower on the squat cause he is half reping it, and he says 'but that way is harder for me'. I'm trying to accept that not everyone is as interested in learning how to properly train as some of us are
There are some cuties at my new gym who have definitely looked in my general direction.  New motivation.
Nice man just keep standing near things like the water fountain and the hip abductor machine so that they keep looking in your general direction. 
I know its unnecessary but I've justified buying BCAA's the same way Patches justifies drinking his own urine.  "It's sterile and I like the taste"
Got bored the other day so I downloaded tinder. Last time the picture I had only really showed my face, but I made sure this time to show the small amount of arm gains I have. I must just have a goofy lookin face cause that change made all the difference. Now to hop on grindr and bring out my inner /bb. Crush your lifts today bros
Had a date with a stripper yesterday. Went well, or I think it did. Ended up making out with her by the car while she grabbed my junk. Too bad she had somewhere to be, or I would have pursued the end game there.   On a side note, the unheard protein fart is the deadliest. I think I just gassed myself. 
Swiped my gym card the other day, reception guy said "enjoy your workout"  I said "thanks, you too "  He said "thanks man"  We both fucked up and laughed 
When's the wedding?
Was talking to a guy I say hi to at the gym sometimes and part of my usual gym banter is to ask what muscle someone is working that day. Guy tells me he's doing 3 sets of chest and 2 sets of bis. For his entire workout.   Do any of you ever hear someone's workout and just get confused as fuck?  And I know he was serious/didn't mean anything else because I saw him hit the dip like 15 minutes later  
The last 3 girls I've hooked up with have all said "you have an amazing body" so I'm starting to think I'm doing something right 
Got a few pro athletes, 500lb benchers, MMA fighters, and pro bodybuilders. Not sure where to start.
I have a home gym and I heard the guy going there is a pussy, so I think I'm donezo 
Was walking down the sidewalk in front of the wife yesterday.  Out of the blue she says "honey, your calves are looking big."  Jokes on her.  I can't even work them out directly because they cramp up almost every time.    I know shoulders have more receptors-or-something than other parts of the body and blow up big on cycle.  Are calves supposed to be like this, too?  Mine grow every week on blast.
Downed a bunch of preworkout right as my buddies mom came to visit and asked if I wanted to go out to lunch... Was the most energized meal of my life 
that can't be you cause that guy looks like he might be a bodybuilder
At a party last night  A guy poked me in the chest  He noticed my gains   Dude gave me a high five   It felt nice but I still wish more cute girls would casually poke my tit like that 
been thinking about breaking up with my gf for a while now i still really like her but it just feels stale and like a chore hanging out with her shes a really good person tho and i dont know what to do without her but at the same time i cant really imagine marrying her. im scared im gonna hurt her if i continue this relationship. this is also my first relationship, i dont know what to do ,so does anybody hav some advice for me on what to do?
Perhaps you could have an honest conversation, express your doubts, and listen to what she says.  Neither one of you benefits from staying together if you're half-assing it.   If a split is inevitable, YOU have to be the one to pull the trigger. Trust me on this.  No matter which way it goes, BE KIND.  You have to own everything you say and do.
Umm something you wanna tell us bro?
Yea man
Filthy Enchantress picker
There's a strat with a new item where you use the item on the enemy, then Chen tps you to base and you keep attacking so you three shot them with your ult. It's disgusting
I used to play it a lot but now I'm playing Overwatch mostly.
Never thought I'd see r/weekendgunnit material on DD's I approve 
Yes. 
Are those dragon dicks? I remember this picture kinda.
You posted it in the back of the monster picture yesterday and no one brought it up.. I thought it was weird you just had a rifle laying around... 
Y tho? 
Can see why you dont need a deskchair
How to progress squatting from quarter reps to ass to grass.
Set your ego aside, drop weight all the way to an empty bar if needed, and be patient. The ROM will come with effort and practice. 
uh...
It's to tone your anus, the most neglected muscle in your bodybuilding routine.
I see you have a collection of tactical squat plugs as well... 
Cs, tf2, and runescape crafted that amazing physique 
Your boobs of the past give me hope for the future
They were worse. Left photo was after dieting a month or so. 
TFW Luke Cage looks decent but Iron Fist looks DYEL
I love being a teenager on here. I love hearing story's about people who now are basically going through puberty again and just older and get to do more shit. Makes me happy inside.
Did we ever find the outcome of that dude on here who was trying to fuck his aunt? 
What about the dude who wanted to move forward through time by sleeping twice a day? So many legends in this sub we haven't gotten an update on 
He quit. Aunt guy was a troll
We gotta sleep four times a day now if we want to catch up with him 
He's probably not got to the part in the future where they have time machines yet, so he can't come back to tell us the results.
I ordered piana's meal prep service. I looked around and it seemed like the best deal as far as the ones available in my area. I got my first order of food friday. The meals are actually pretty good so far. Now I just have to avoid telling my friends and family who I am giving my money too... 
Who gives a shit about girls?  I lift to impress the other dudes at the gym. And you're not going to impress them with chicken legs. 
There's a large number of people that workout just to look good naked. I don't really think there's anything wrong with that, they're just not on the same level as those that are trying to get fuckin huge
It's thanks giving in Canada so for the weekend, my cut is suspended.   Hope you guys have a great weekend. 
Really enjoying this cut right now. Almost been 10 weeks at 1500-1800 cal a day. Muscles look way better when you are lean. Six pack visible (SIDE NOTE my abs look better flexed than unflexed... I flex em they bunch up and look disgusting, unflexed is visible 4-6 pack in any lighting), veins popping out, delts capped due to low bf, have a "chest" from being lean (haven't hit chest for 5 months now due to injury). I'm sticking with this cut because when I bulk I don't want to be a few weeks away from losing my abs. I want to stay lean.   I'm a sucker for the lean life. Was thinking of reverse dieting back up to my lean bulk when I decide to lean bulk not because I believe in reverse dieting (lol) but by adding like 100 calories a week I can prolong the cut while making it feel like I'm bulking (because I'm eating more than usual).   Tldr- commit to a cut and dont ever give up
The longer I'm in a relationship, the more I am realizing how hard they actually can be. My girl is in school with a pretty heavy work load, which definitely affects our time together. I am nothing but happy for her and want her to succeed, but I also want to spend more time with her. She is super focused on school and determined to do great (which she is), but it comes at a price. I feel like every time there is something I want to do with her, she uses school as an excuse saying she is too busy, but when there is something she wants to do she makes the time. Maybe I'm just reading too into this, I love this girl with all my heart. I've told her how I've felt about this and she just said its because of school and things will be different when she is done. I just wish she would be a little more open to doing things I want to do. 
It's the perfect day today.  It's Sunday so the gym is dead. And it also happens to be chest day, which is the best day. I also don't have anything going on today so I can take all the time I want. Time to smash some lifts. 
Any downside to doing PPLx2 but with higher volumes? All the routines I've been seeing are like two or three exercises for each muscle. I'm thinking of doing something with much higher volume, but I also want to know at what point is it too high of a volume. When do I start seeing diminishing returns?
Give me some reasons to keep clean bulking bros. The scale is barely changing. My lifts are slowly increasing tho.
The scale is nothing to go by. Take progress pics and compare those instead. If your lifts are going up you're doing it right.
Realised I've been doing incline dumbbell press at too much of a incline  for ages. Dropped the bench to 30 degrees and instant PB. Lifting some heavy dbs does feel more than barbell bench for some reason
lowering the angle makes the movement easier...of course you would hit a PB when you lower the incline to a more advantageous position.
Rip op
Meshuggah's new album is so good
Feeling demotivated on this cut bros. been the same weight for days, even after cardio and dropping calories. I'm hoping I'm just retaining water like a mf and have a huge whoosh coming soon. Any advice?
Just keep on going man. You never know how close you are to success brother 
When cutting I stay the same weight for as much as 7-8 days sometimes, then lose 3 lbs overnight.
Any of you sick kunts watches dragon ball super?
Oh shit. I thought the new stuff was just the movies. 
Nah, sorry
I love squats now, feels like I've really figured out how to use my legs and core etc.  125kg x 2 after my working set today, creeping up on that 3pl8.  Meanwhile bench can fuck off, and deadlifts are ehh. I just want it to be leg day again so I can fulfill my prophecy of evolving into a T REX
Went and met with the ex at work yesterday. I was so nervous I could barely speak. Where will you be when autism hits? Really wish I did better. Oh well. Back in the same boat. 
Hello I'm graduating soon and would like one job please. Preferably with a large salary and little to no responsibility. 
ME GUSTA LEVANTAR
...PESAS
Man the pump feels so powerful yet I'm just a fucken putty 
Kids are sick, house is a mess, evil cat has been biting again. I'm ready for this week to be over and it hasn't even started yet. The good news is I'm going back to the gym this week. I hope I still remember how to lift. 
Is there a subreddit for cooking food for bodybuilding/powerlifting?
We do a Foodie Friday 
Anyone else get this itch/tingle in their ears from PWO? Shit drives me mad but pwo so good
That beta alanine doe. 
this fuckin hurricane is ruining my gains. two days in a row my gym is closed
Everytime I see a Flex Lewis back post I mire, full homo. Fuark.
Yesterday I was a passive aggressive dick to the girl who friend zoned me. Haven't gotten that much attention from her in a while usualy I'm nice as fuck but I figured what's the worst that can happen if I'm an asshole towards her and it worked out pretty well. 
If what ur doing is working keep at it
Dreams keep on coming, this time I dreamt of eating like 12000kcal in one sitting and still being hungry. Never been as hungry as when I woke up
Ok bros, my gym is closing. Any suggestions besides kill myself(it is a joke).
Kill the guy about to close the gym.
this morning was all about quarter inch to maybe 5 inches ROM at the leg press  with 10-14 plates  don't know what's wrong with those guys.
Feeling pretty motivated today. Just did 3 reps of 220 lbs on squats which is nice. A guy who I play basketball with every Sunday said I looked bigger. Its the small things like this which motivate me to gym even more. 
My friend just started lifting and is doing some stupid ass 6 week program that dives into arms a stupid amount.   Pretty sure he fell for the gimmicky arm transformation shit. I asked him what his goals were lifting wise and he said he didn't really have any.   No goal for bench. He said he doesn't do barbell squats and just goblet squats with the plates.    I seriously think hes just doing some bro scienced gimmick shit. I'm worried hes gonna see results and start showing his super skinny room mate some wrong shit. He's a marine vet and thinks that qualifies him somehow in gym and fitness related shit.
Rainy Sunday morning here, no one in the free weights section. It's gonna be a good day boyos. Kill it.
Sitting at the airport for my trip thinking of all the food I can eat on my business trip per diem for the next week. Double meats on me.   At least the hotel I booked seems to have a partnership with a gym/club attached to it so I can get some quality lifts in while I'm away too
Faaaack, worst feeling when you spend all day coding something and then find an easily avoidable error the next day... time to go smash back/shoulders/tris to forget about the points I'm going to lose.
TB12 is back
I've just overheard my stepmother talking to my dad and she insulted my mother. I understand they don't like each other but I still feel that my stepmother should remain polite. I'm also disappointed my father did not say anything. Should I confront her/him about it or just let it slide ?
Establish some boundaries with stepmonster.  Calmly explain how what she did was disrespectful to your mother and how you will not tolerate open disrespect of your mother.  She'll probably be a little huffy, but will respect you (she won't ever tell you that, but her demeanor around you will likely change).  Enforce this  boundary with your life.    She does it after "the talk," withdraw your attention from her.  You don't have time for people that don't respect your boundaries.    You got this, fam.
Well given that my stepmother now lives in the house that belonged to my parents, she never felt it was her home so I'd say she's pretty damn insecure. 
If i was u I'd fuckin call her ass out.   But i feel that a normal person should maybe have a sit down and ask ger politely not to have ur mothers name in her mouth. Respectfully of course 
I'm the mom of a teenage son, so I'll say this. Don't put your living situation at risk over words. Soon you will be able to be free of her toxic nest, until then, wear headphones and keep your eyes on your own plate. I know my son loves me, I wouldn't want him to make his own situation worse when he's at his Dad's and worry me over bitchy nonsense. Ok?
Anyone from U.K. Know where to buy Ephedrine Caffeine stack?
Debating whether or not I should do a mini 2 week cut at 1000 kcal deficit due to the fact that since I started this bulk on august I've had 2-3 weeks where I did not work out at all and ate like a bear.  That and the fact I feel bloated af. Lean bulks simply do not exist.
Lets talk stretching. What is stuff you guys do to avoid injury and tightness? I need to do some Psoas stretching because that shit seems tight tight tight and i have never tried to stretch it before.   Been trying to dig the foam roller into every facet of my hips lately which gets pretty painful.  Also beers and mexican last night. Todays cardio is going to suck
Fuck Hurricane Matthew
Do I fuck him in the eye hole? Please be more clear
Slightly cut cals til you're back on track. Continue bulking, slowly. 
I can't bro I inhale whatever I see I'm a fucking vacuum 
Lol add a little cardio and/or up workout intensity?
Buy a better mirror and install new lighting.  Don't ever look at yourself anywhere else.
Can't you just eat the same few foods everyday and take a multivitamin?
Why don't you like it? You like the variety? Or some other reason?
What's the best cooking oil? PAM spray or coconut oil?
There's a coconut oil Pam out there if you can find it. It's awesome. 
Deadlifted for the first time two days ago(it wasn't heavy,135lbs 5 sets x 3 reps). Today my lower back muscle is still kind of aching, did i fucked up guys? 
Just sounds like DOMS if it was your first ever time. I've had DOMS for like a week before, notably when I first directly worked abs (I fell for the 'compound lifts hit them enough' shit initially).
True. People say those BS like you dont need to work on your core coz all the exercises you do involve it. But holy shit man... the first time i hit them separately with crouches and some other exercises, i could barely straighten my waist afterwards .
How would one progressively overload on a bro split?   I can't imagine hitting one muscle once a week but still being able to work with the next highest weight.  Whenever I miss just one workout (in a 6 day split), I have to stay at the same weight in the next session as I was on at the most recent session. (Sorry if the wording is confusing)
if your looking for progressive overload a 6 day bro split might not be the best choice.
Yeah makes sense, butt still.  I'm wondering how people on bro splits progressively overload when working each muscle only once a week
Do you live in the south or idaho? The swastika would probably get you free drinks
Negged
Someone asked me yesterday how to increase the size of his ankles? Wtf am I supposed to say? Surgery?
I just got a new phone and for some reason, Alien Blue is no longer in the App Store. Any recommendations on a good Reddit app for iPhone? (I'm currently using Reddit but am open for suggestions)
I use baconreader and it's pretty solid
I use "Reddit is Fun". It's ok.
'Reddit is ok'
Desktop mode on the phone works the best 
Anyone from Phoenix and how do you like it? There's a chance I may move there for a job and would like some opinions. I do know there is a Metroflex there so that's a plus. 
Now I'm going just for the ladies 
I'm flying to Glendale in one hour. Ask me next week. 
Ive lived all throughout Phoenix area my life. Right now downtown phx and I love it. If you have any questions PM me.  Look into the EoS fitness's (used to be golds, just changed names) and they are great gyms. 
I live in Tempe so right nearby, and honestly the only real negative I have is the summer months.
Got way too drunk beforehand/at dinner and couldn't make it to mom prom. Feel like the biggest asshole doing that to my mom...
Did you end up smashing ?
never have i ever
What the fuck, man. That's your fucking mom that you blew off. She probably shaved her legs for you and everything
How important is exercise variation
Not a lot.Progressive overload is more important.
Am I first?
Yes. And you blew it. The rule of being first is drop a dank meme. 
That's not how I roll... I'm known for blowing stuff. No straighto
Just make sure you swallow.... You know for the protein. 
Something something let Steve fuck your ass raw. 
go straight i guess
Does this mean I have to go talk to a girl?
Goddamit, now I want a donut 
Amazing physique, how old are you?
23. Thanks man 
Mirin  U natty ?
You look insane...  If you were going for the "just out of Auschwitz" look. Maybe wait until you have some meat on your bones to post this     
have you been drinking the juice since your show? Looking bigger man
You have pizza dick
Or like your dick has acne   Seriously though, sick physique. 
Lmao thanks man. I did it for you, EatingSexually 
Small head
How can you tell with a piece of pizza covering the bulge gains? 
Maybe I should have gone to college... 
I know this might not be the place to ask but I may have to do the same surgery in my left shoulder coming up, how's the strength of it feel? Does it still feel unstable doing overhead stuff?
feels fantastic. i litterally 100x a better 
yeah im from connecticut 
we have the same tank top tan
Great progress. Bring up chest and shoulders. 
My sister was complaining about those same tan lines from wearing her sundress. 
Pics. 
Out angling your body with your forearm doesn't mean you have forearms. But good job getting in the gym after surgery instead of becoming a slob
shhhh my friends dont know that 
I don't think you're wearing enough plaid in that last picture.
lmao
fix that bacne bruh
On accutane. Sadly those are scars so I need a tan and time. 
Youre going to be sick at 180ish. Natty or nah? Asking cause I legit cant tell and as someone else whos 5'11 im just curious to see where I can push my weight to
Looking solid dude. Time to get shredded. 
But if I'm not gentle your small ass might break. You have a lot of work to do, especially in the leg department based of the glimpse in the reflection of the mirror 
Your legs don't do your legs justice. Lol but not shabby, work on your posing though.. your back pic looks like you have lats, so when you flex your traps in the front poses it makes you look blocky as hell. 
well shit I'll smash em some more. I've never worried about em cause I used to train for strength until a few months. I'm squatting 500x2. Guess it's time for more volume. And I have no idea how to pose, so I'll work on that too. Thanks.
Forearms seem like a weak point. Also maybe your traps/lats but that could be the angle/pose. Your chest is on point tho, jelly af right now. 
Saw you post on brogress and get relentlessly downvoted for saying you are natty, lol. Anyway, great job, huge chest but really try to dial in that bf (even tho I saw your before pic where you were shredded as fuck so you should be fine, 9 weeks is plenty).
Looks like you have thick hips? But I can tell you're doing the most you can with your genetics. Good job and keep it up 
Thick af. Thanks, Jedizard. 
where r ur abs
Ask again in 9 weeks. Just finished a 5 month bulk. 
This might not be relevant, but I am guessing you are knowledgeable on this subject.  Currently bulking, and there's no where in hell I can get fat lower, but could I continue hitting abs to make them stronger and then eventually cut?
Absolutely. Focus on that bulk. Sometimes, when bulking, if I see myself gaining too much fat I'll cut back on the calories til I'm back on track. But, the offseason is for working on your weak points. 
What sports? That's awesome. Keep killin it.
Nah, skip leg day brah /s  I can't and won't put in all my thoughts in the void of reddit.  I have been goalkeeping for 5 years for fun and last year I added in an extra of 4 days of training to get better at it. Today I got pulled aside to tell me they loved how much I improved, but it wouldn't bother me if I don't get picked, I want to become a bodybuilder (as a hobby)  as well.  I will post results next week.
looking solid otherwise got some serious chesticle action going on there
Do you even lift?
I always feel like I'm getting smaller at the beginning of a bulk. You start losing muscle definition before gaining much size so it makes sense. Just don't flip flop, ride your bulking plan out. 
You look like Bieber from the front and a bodybuilder from the back. Time to get chest and arms gainz. Solid back and legs though. 
This. I was shocked when I got to your back. Your front view is severely lacking compared to the rear.
I think I spent my newbie gains on my back, for the first 4 months back was my favorite thing to to. I'm trying to balance it out a bit more, arms and chest are a priority now. I'm hitting arms every other day, would every day be too much? Also I've been lifting for about 8 months now. 
Recovery is important. Stick to eod or e3d. You still have 6-8 months of boob gains ahead, maybe just a little slower but still a half pound a week easy. Eat to grow and by spring you'll see a huge improvement when you cut.
Thank you sir 
Looking great man, legs? 
My lacking area as far as mass goes 
Amputated.
Oh no my ego is in shambles 
Put it better than I could think to.
You look like a fucking tank bro. 
dat changing room lighting
Is it just me or do your legs look nonexistant? 
Got some Lt. Dan level legs going on right here 
Shhhhhh you don't want to know.   I do a lot of running too. Around 4-6 miles a day. They're ok but not worth showing. 
Are you rolling your shoulders forward in the first pic? Makes your traps look small 
I think I had shoulder pump so it was pulling them. Prob small too. 
Hit arms harder.
Yeah I'm currently trying to hit biceps harder 
Well there are other muscles in the arm. Do them all. 
Good plan. You look fairly balanced, nothing really stands out as a strong point or a weak point, you just lack size overall. Keep doing what your doing. 
Looking sick man, congrats on losing the weight. Like swagga said chest and delts need some work. Legs are looking good. Keep at it for sure, were all gonna make it bro. 
chest and delts need work, keep at it buddy
Sweet, i will focus those hard when i can bulk again.
Don't be. What you can't see is that outside of the spare tire, I also get it bad in the face, lower abdomen, chest, and of course thighs, which are my biggest problem area for fat. I don't store it in my hips, but I do everywhere else 
your cheat meal should be chicken 
you fat as fuck.Lloose 50pounds then take your picture. can't see no muscle at all, just a flabby back
That's the spirit 
that's some gnarly swamp ass...your backs good and stuff too i guess
Cutting? Come on man.
You need muscle. Switch to bulking 
Definitely time to bulk. Looks like you have a pretty good frame and will look really good once you fill out. For now though dyel? Like you say, take it easy, 500 cal surplus and you'll be golden.
Accurate
biceps 
Working on overall size, I'm tiny.    Hitting bi's twice a week with around 16 total sets. 
whats your bicep programs?
Currently doing hammer curls 4x8 followed by straight bar curls 4x10-12. Sometimes I throw in a couple of sets of spider curls for fun. On a PPLx2. 
you need more isolation/preacher work for sure
Will do, thanks mayne
From what I can tell at a glance, you seem to have different insertions on your left and right biceps and lats although this may be the angle/lighting. Physique wise you can bring your arms and chest up but seems pretty balanced. Also shave.
it's not too bad you could give your lagging side extra attention but not much else can be done.
Your picture skills are shit
Where's that back at tho
Chest and delts are lacking. Better pictures and all sides plus legs next time. 
Biceps looking absolutely cancerous.
Is it a really bad bicep insertion? what's going on here 
Nah, I'm just playing man. As your bis and forearms grow you'll grow into your insertions
Op needs to lower his dose of chemo. 
That's some tinder level avoidance. I see like 12 percent of your entire physique. Gonna have to try this the deeper my bulk goes. 
Show off the stretch marks bb
Next Sunday I got you 
He has an 8-pack... on his back.
Was just about to comment this soon I as I saw the pic
Same 
Yeah me too.
I'm there with ya. Opened this further to comment this.  I've never seen something like that on anyone else.
I too had this completely original idea
faurk.. he is looking just-picked and quickly frozened. Calves on another level as well
How did he fare at the recent Olympia?
Is this a trick question? If I am not mistaken he won his weight class (212)
Yes, he's won the 212 for five years running.
Cargo shorts on another level too. Style straight out of 2002
That girl is mirin so hard.
No she's not, women don't like mass monsters, they don't mire guys with small looking heads and slin guts. They like zyzz, Jon skywalker, joffrey seid and the like. Women don't dream of guys who can't wipe their own ass...
You forgot to add /s
Do you genuinely believe women find a man who can't wipe his own ass attractive? Olympiad physiques are cool, but they don't get girls bro 
Excuses excuses mate. 
his wife is pretty attractive and he's a family man. doubt he cares what random girls think.
u still lifting for the girls? lol
I lift because I want to look like a fucking Greek god, not monster who can't walk up a flight of stairs without panting
Found the guy who can't bench a plate for reps
I get it. You can wipe your ass. Gj bro
A real "I'm underwhelmed with my own progress so I'll put down those who are bigger than me" type operator.
some people lift to look athletic. some people lift to look like they can flip tanks. aesthetics is in the eye of the beholder bro
you can mire without wanting to fuck them  i mire dudes on here all day, doesn't mean i wanna suck their dicks....  ok maybe kinda
Fuck, not this again.
/r/girlsmirin
Janet Layug. Worth googling 
That's an exoskeleton right there
Goddamn it grinds my gears seeing definitely spelled wrong. I swear I see it spelled incorrectly more than I see it spelled correctly. 
It's not that hade to remember, de-finite-ly. It's just finite with a prefix and a suffix, that's like grade 2 English class.
Yeah, these people should of payed more attention in school.
Please tell me this is a sick joke. 
Your a Grammar nazi, arent u?
Are you defiantly sure it is spelled that way?  Lol It reminds me of how futurama made "ask" into "axe" and kept that joke running the entirety of the show.
That chick is mirin hard
Damn he looks absolutely snickered. 
bountyed
Jesus, I've literally never seen a back like that on anyone else.
All hail the crowned king of the manlets.
Don't show a pic of his back lat spread, you'll get disappointed.  
Anyone think he can go to open class and take out Heath? Or is that just my wishful thinking?
he wouldnt even place top 5 lol
Yes he would just be dwarfed due to his height. Although ignoring height he's far more complete than anyone in the Open division. 
What's Flex's height? IIRC Heath is a manlet as well, 5'8 or something? Then Flex is real short... 
5'5"
Well, damn. I guess I will keep hoping Ramy takes him out. (If you can't tell, I don't like Heath, but it's his personality, I can't argue with his genetics/physique...)
Nah he can't that's why Lee priest never did well. Although he looked amazing alone. The Bigger guys are better 
Kinda shitty. 
Lol it's not really. Kevin levrone looked good. He might be able to place at npc shows in open and masters. Put him against the best in the business and he is dead last 
Yeah, I guess when they stand them next to each other he will look too small.
His back has an 8pack 
Jesus
judge mirin hard
What the hell is going on in these shows? Between the top 5 competing right now it's like a different person has a different placing since the Olympia. Ramy, Roelly, Dex, Rhoden, and Bonac are all bouncing around. 
Bonac was the only one to compete in the Nordic pro from that list, and he won the Prague Pro as well.
I see that but do you get what I'm sayin? Olympia, Arnold Europe, Kuwait Pro, Prague, everyone had different placings. 
competitors dont look at exact same at every show
This, and, of course, politics and personal preferences. I mean, in this sub alone, everyone has their favorite of those top 5 and logically so do the judges, and personal bias will very likely peak through in their placements
For some reason I can't stop laughing. Caught me by surprise. 
it's the moon pose. Tom Platz did it and got in a trouble for it. I thought it was banned by the IFBB.
Double hamstring Peek a boo showing glutes
moon pose. it has been banned by most feds for many years now
rear glute spread
Lukas Looked better and fuller from the back... and I think the leg separation of Lukas was more visible as well.   
I didn't know LA, California was a country. 
From this pic, I feel like there would have been a massive battle if he had to take on Buendia in physique. But taking such posing away from him would just be criminal...
That's funny I was about to say his midsection reminds me so much of Buendias
Bob Paris has always been the GOAT of aesthetics in my opinion.
That's literally as perfect as you can get. Paris looks like he was conceived by a god and brought to earth to show humans his beauty
Some say that all the straight men in that room turned gay. 
I wonder how many people are gifted with the genetics to look like this but just end up being skinny/fat their whole life.
as someone who has shit tier genetics but has been busting his ass in the gym for over a decade, it's hard not to feel a bit of resentment towards those people.
Was about to say the same thing.
Branch has top tier goblin insertions
He's ridiculously aesthetic but his right quad is lacking in that picture. Idk if he has fixed it since that was taken
Damn he has to snip that gyno though
I know right? It's always a little perplexing to see top pros who still have it.  I'm sure they have good reasons though.   Still makes me laugh imagining they just haven't noticed it yet.
He has removed what can be removed apparently 
Wait, is that first photo of Arnold untouched? I have never seen a photo of him like that.
I love seeing Paul Dillet pics, i wonder how much his placings would have changed if he could actually pose
I'm ready for my downboats but I really dislike how much rbb blasts on jason.
piss
it
The Iron Crustacean.
Flex Wheeler is the only correct answer.
I wish i could be that natty
I feel like Big Lenny is aesthetic AS FUCK
A classic, but the question wasn't who's aesthetic.
"Most aesthetic bodybuilder since Arnold" 
Flex Lewis, Jason Huh, Flex Wheeler, Lee Priest
Bone structure-wise Jeff has that long ass ribcage which is super prominent and which gives him 4-pack abs. That's the most unaesthetic thing about him imo
Lmao how are people not understanding this is a joke
I thought everyone could do this.  It's the difference of flattening your abs out vs contracting your intercostals isn't it?
I think everyone can. One of the ways feels like pushing your abs whilst the other feels like you're contracting them and pushing them out kinda ish? 
Because it's not him
So does that mean he's lying about being natty too? /s 
the 4-pack is just him doing a semi vacuum. when he's actually flexing his abs, its a beautiful 6 pack.
Mike Mentzer for me is perfection. He has that wide frame with a massive chest that I would die for. Just looked so powerful 
This is gonna sound dumb but can someone explain to me what is meant by "insertion"? From what I understand it's where the bicep starts popping out from the elbow?? Lol
Thx for the quick replies guys. Nice community we have on here.
You're right about what you said about biceps, but every muscle has insertions. it's where/how your muscle is attached. For example some people have chest gaps, some don't. Triceps and Calves can have high and low insertions, too. Last example would be abs - people have different shaped abs, sometimes they're asymmetrical, etc
The insertion of a muscle is the attachment site that won't move when your muscle contracts, so on the bicep it is the distal end (like you said, the elbow end). The lower your bicep insertion the less gap between your flexed bicep and then bend in your elbow. Good/bad insertions are genetic, but building up your forearms (especially the brachioradialis) can somewhat make up for bad insertions.
The origin is usually defined as the attachment site that doesn't move. Insertions from a purely anatomical standpoint have a low variation between people. Over time and through common usage though, insertion has been used to describe the muscle belly to tendon ratio variations like you said.
It's basically a combination of the length of your bones in relation to each other and where your tendons are affixed to those bones. 
Peter Molnar has the best insertions I've ever seen. Every is so round, full, 3d. You can't get a better aesthetic mass monster physique than he has. 
Jason Blahino 
He's no where near as aesthetic as the Asian guy on the front page
He looks great, but everything is overpowering his arms. 
I know a lot of people like him but something about his midsection is so unaesthetic to me. He has way too much going on.
Disagree, I love it
large mid section, small arms - never really caught my eye as a top competitor from a physique stand point 
he would look so much better without that gap in his abs
Serge Nubret  
Peter Molnar, Brian Buchanan
Arnold.
jason huh.
Arnie
Jason blaha /s
Goddamn he looks terrible.  No symmetry, no proportions, gut out of control, blocky physique, rough posing.  It's sad to see how low he's fallen, almost as sad as what Ronnie has become.
I just bought my new fat burning cream YEEE BUDDY.     This industry is shit haha. Hardly any people with some integrity.
Man, don't be like that.  There really are only a few guys that are using their success in bodybuilding to sell bullshit snake oil.  We've got guys like Phil that dance around the steroid question but hint at it and don't deny, and we've got guys like Calum that outright say they're juicint.  Really you could count the bad apples on one hand. 
GOLEM GET YE GONE
Shit training and shit physique 
Guest pose all you want...just stay away from the olympia stage..for the sake of bodybuilding.
butufoul
When I read the title I was praying that it was the Piss Lord.
How can this guy be a top pro?  He can't help how his muscles insert etc. But he does have control over that turtle-shell gut and weak posing.  Sad how far the sport has fallen.
He used to look a lot better.  Years of injuries and muscle tears have just been really unkind to him.  Honestly he only wins competitions anymore because his name carries some weight in the sport, but I think the fact he wasn't at the olympia this year shows that his clout has run out and he's going to fade out of the scene soon.
Dude looks like hes being forced to pose at gun point.  Still joocy as fuark
I died
Looks like he's making a Bono sized shit
Is he joking about the 3.9?
He's a coach, you can trust him 
Can't tell if sarcastic.
Prob used one of those filthy lying body analyzers. 
so any of them
What show is he doing?  Also why is he dropping water 2 weeks out wtf?
I've heard of younger/less experienced competitors doing a less intense practice peak week a few weeks out to make sure they respond well to their protocol and don't come in too flat or end up spilling over. That would be my guess. 
Makes sense- but to drop water for 5 days straight.... literally asking to go to the hospital.
Who knows, thought that was weird too. 
Love his 11/10 posing enthusiasm, funny like hell with the manlet cam angle shot but totally won me over, who is he?  
Dunno him, some guy on here knows him and posted the other day. 
Honestly just looks like some contrast and sharpening. Looking great tho
When you nut and she keep sucking
Fuck that's what my back looks like. My strongest body part too. I dont get it
I haven't even started lifting yet, and I have better late than that. It ain't classical physique without the V shape, he looks like a lowercase T.
I'm always glad I'm not alone when I see other people making crazy posing faces and not casually smiling.  
3.9? Lmao....ok
How tall is this duder? Looks like 4'9''
It says natural bodybuilder in his bio. I find that VERY hard to believe. 
Why? Hes not really even big...the only time he looks sizable is when he stands three inches away from his camera lens. 
kek nearly every natty is leaner than that on stage
1. get reasonably lean  2. Get really close to a mirror  3. hit this pose but hold your breath. wait about ten seconds and snap the photo
And you get downvoted... sometimes this sub is a joke. You're right, he looks natty af in most of his pics. Jus let cause you're vascular/lean doesn't mean you're on something people lol
Looks a lot better than me baby please
Did anyone watch his 500 squat video? Like 3 inches above parallel . 
link pls?
On his insta 
op you a big dude
4u  You guys are losing it...
He makes Ronnie look normal sized wtf
OP is a wall with teeth and hair.
for you
Better bone structure than me, better hair, gotta be on juice. 
his hands are far too small for superior bone structure dude
hahaha, gotta be.
...I bet you even use product in that hair, how do you sleep at night? 
if you wanna know about the hair gainz, you just gotta ask.
motherfucker, how can you look so good AND still have hair on your head?
Blessed hahaha.
Don't leave us hanging. What do you use for hair gainz?
He probably injects genetics twice a day for that hair
Hair gains bruh
hitler would be proud of those superior Aryan genetics
that there genetics. 
I'll never have muscles like an Aryan man
I haven't been on this subreddit in months. I'm so glad to see that meme is still going
Would upvote again nein/10
u got dem chain gang muh sills?
Tfw you out angle Ronnie Coleman  
GOTTA DO WHAT YOU GOTTA DO
On a serious note. Surreal meeting one of the best to ever do it. On the thread here yesterday, people were calling him a dick. He was very nice today.
are you from Murica? People say it's fine then
Dudes just trying to make a buck, he seems to have had a rough few years. No reason to kill him, just a bit annoying. In other news, you seem to have gone full Aryan Brick Wall mode 
Holy fuck dude. You compete?
Ive done one show, mens physique. Took 5th in open.  got another one coming up.
Be a man go BB
Man, im just getting my feet wet, i want to outgrow physique and go classic tbh
Imo classic is a joke. I know guys who won and looked like Shit. I think it may be a cool class in a few years but now is still premature.  How tall and you and what did you weigh first comp?
Yeah its shit right now i know this. Im around 6'1-6'2 they measure really short in the shows. My weight is usually mid to high 190s come show time.. but its only going to keep going up.
Your big enough for BB. Cut harder you can own light heavy. 
You look like a solid 240 based on your upper body in this picture.  How on earth do you get down to 190 without losing everything?
No legs is my guess.
that was a light assessment lol, short changing myself.
Idk why the fuck you got downvoted OP, its nice to see somebody who actually competes and posts content.
This looks so sad after what he's accomplished in the sport. Sitting at a desk surrounded by balloons trying to sell supplements. 
it's called   having a job
so sad traveling promoting your own supplement company.  his preworkout is pretty good
Ballers get paid more tho
Well I mean Ball players sell waaay more tickets and merchandise, and have way more TV coverage so it's not even a little surprising that they get a better deal in the end.   The only sponsors you can really get in body building is obviously with supplements. 
Oddly enough, the free sample I got of Arnie's PWO from MP has always been my favorite, though way overpriced.
you sound smart
The trick is to have a thesaurus handy when you post.
I'm handy - close enough?
and let the GIRLS be handy, not boys
It was during expo, Expo's are a bit different for many celebrities.
Didn't charge me at the Europa
afaik that's Lou Ferrigno gimmick
Nah it was free with a photo autograph too
Oh are you that AryanOfPeace massive dude or am I confused? You look huge, what's your height?
No thats not me, im like 6'2
Weight?
Oh my bad. We're the same height as well, i guess i found my goal physique then. You look great man.
You can see his bicep. How is that goal physique lmao
Maybe you can't see DerpJungle's bicep?
Must be a bone and some skin lol
There are some muscle fibers there as far as i can tell...
Are there other muscles?
exactly.
I see people at the gym resting a rack on their back, shits weird a'f.  Tried it once but dont think I did it right because I couldn't feel the bicep engagement. Never again.
Dat feel when you're 5'4....
Lucky for us this is a manlet safe zone 
Manlet plebs.
u guys and your safe space. so cute
does he still have problems walking?
he was getting up and down fine, but he came in on arm walkers.
Arm day every day right guys
But did he make you pay for the picture? 
free
guess he only makes small people pay. 
He probably felt threatened...
damn dude you look hyuuge good shit and on the ronnie cream thing I mean I wouldn't turn down the stupid amount of money he probably got paid to plug them
It's a real life Johnny Bravo 
You out angled the fuck out of the guy. 
Op is is built and aryian
Jesus fuck, did you just out angle Ronnie Coleman? You massive motherfucker
Shit  I forgot this was today. You lift in the area?
Is this in portland? I saw him tonight at the restaurant i work at. Got to fill his water, nbd. He was in crutches and seemed like he was on a lot of painkillers, he even slept a bit in the middle of dinner. Its a shame to see such a legendary man in that state
Yeah he was a shop in beaverton doing a meet and greet today
I'm not saying this works (I've never tried it), but to try and save Ronnie some face... Back in the day I talked to a couple yoked up bodybuilders in my gym who told me they used to rub bengay (and similar creams) on their midsections, wrap themselves in saran wrap, and do cardio. They might be insane as well, but I'm not gonna hate on Ronnie because maybe he really did this too.
Guys use this technique in the Army on a PT test weigh-in to pass the BF tape test. It works to some extent.
I know this is late as hell, but some pro wrestlers would rub bengay all over their arms before matches, supposedly it made you look more vascular. Steve Austin mentioned it on his podcast, he said he hated wrestling guys who did it bc it got in his eyes. So I think there's something to it
yeah i mean, people are just skeptical these days about people pushing products. And who cares? Just don't fucking buy it. Plus that video of ronnie seemed like it wasn't anything resembling an advertisement. he barely showed the product.
The cream is crazier because everyone knows alcohol really dehydrates you
ayeeee
Well obviously that's because he still hasn't finished developing the lean bulk creme. 
He has perfect forearms 
but did he rub it on your belly?
Arm goals
Marry me
Mirin'
I don't think you need it
Op is a cutie. No homo
You look exactly like Johnny Bravo. Awesome. Damn it. 
OP looks German AF 
Am I the only one that thinks Ronnie looks tiny here rather than dude looks huge?
Come off gear for 6 months and see what happens
You try looking huge after all those back surgeries.    Dennis Wolf also lost all his gains after surgery, it happens.  
 Neal Jr would be proud. 
nope lol
Damn OP, I'd totally lick your cum out of my own asshole after I let you have your way with me. No homo.
Hair routine?
RIP your inbox, OP.
Lol it was a good time replying to them all
light weight babay
How dare you outangle the goat
Lol dark chocolate
Op a big guy..for me
My real dad
REKT
How much was the picture?
Free. 
Oke. He asked 20 pounds when he was in the UK
Username is KGMass and the Product on the table is King Mass. Lol Seems Fishy. Still love Ronnie though.
its my initials lol
Yeah well, pretty giant coincidence considering that's your only post and your only comments were from like 8 months ago.
Paranoia is real. 
Not paranoia at all, just a solid observation from an aware person. Maybe you're trying to promote Ronnie and your product because of that cream post that didn't go over too well?
Not like he had a meet and greet yesterday or anything. 
LOL yeah. I'm promoting Ronnie.  Got me. 
Can confirm. Not selling anything. kgmass is his name.
Confirmed.
Ronnies getting ripped for this. Lol
Waits trainer
Thought I was reading something Janoy Cresva said
Fuck i've been sitting here waiting for trainer for like 3 hours
That progressive overload 
Time under tension. 
Lol he looks like Louis Litt from Suits
I totally read that in Brads voice. YO
i even did those hand movements 
YO, like..
I'll be so happy if this waist training shit ever dies. People are so fucking stupid to believe it works and it literally does nothing more than burn off temporary water weight. Not to mention that one application can pay for two months of a gym membership. People are lazy as shit......
By waist training do u mean that cream? Or something else?
I think it's referring to what I would describe only as a corset you wear in the gym 
Fucking Bradley always tries to mask the fact that he himself is ALSO trying to sell you shit. I like him but he's such a hypocrite when it comes to shitting on people for trying to sell their products. I mean the guy sells fat burners on his website...  
BM isn't selling snake oil, so you should stfu 
While they won't burn fat they can suppress appetite which could still help people lose weight.  But yeah a lot of it is BS
Got free box of bmfit supps. His packaging is horrific. At least other bullshit like hydroxycut you know some money is going into design.
Why do you care about packaging? 
Because we know how cheap the shit we are buying is to make ourselves, and if I'm going to buy a shitty preworkout for 50 bucks it better at least look like 50 bucks worth of something. Like put this into perspective, I'm about to order steroid raws, enough adrol to make 4000 caps of 50mg, now this will cost me 400 dollars in total. If I were to take that same 400 dollar and buy already capped adrol I would only get 800 pills... same with supplements, I can make his preworkout for half the cost or even less than half the cost if I buy the ingredients separate
So make it yourself and stop being superficial. 
I... I do
0
Just like every other supplement, fuck all. It's surprising that people even buy this shit, I mean it's clear BM hasn't got his own supplement company, which means he's using one of those "private supplement line" services which put generic supplements in packaging of your design. Fuck that.
He just came out with a new preworkout I think its called origin. It actually is pretty good aside from a few useless ingredients
Yeah Origin looks pretty legit so far. Also A1 packaging imo
That's why a lot of people make their own pre's
Got a breakdown of the grams for your PWO? 
He has got a supplement company with cvm. 
Company he might have, this doesn't mean he's making the supplements. Which he isn't. Which means they are just poorly packaged generic stuff.
Exactly what would you expect to be better if Bradley himself made the supplements? You want him to personally filter out the protein from whey plants? Sit with his scoops in his kitchen and carefully choose components for your personal PWO?
Fuck yeah, I want him to be personally responsible for the grade and quality of shit he's selling if he puts his name on it, in this case he's not and he can't be because the whole thing is made by some 3rd party manufacturer and they are in business of making money not supplements of high quality.
BM has a certain responsibility when he's selling a product to people because he's built up a lot of trust with people and now he's using that trust to get those people to buy his stuff. At the very minimum he should be somehow verifying that the products contain what they say on the label and he should be testing them either himself or getting people he trusts to test them.  If he's doing it, great. If he's not doing it, then he's taking advantage of the people who trust him.
he should just sell bmfit brand test and tren
He'd have a G5 by the end of the week
That's like every damn YouTube/social media fitness personality. I'll occasionally watch their videos and take tid bits of advice, but I'll never buy their products.
I have a very select few content creators I'll throw some money at very infrequently, but generally I'm right there with you.   Every so often I'll go look at what some fitness people are charging for shirts and their services and it always surprises me.  It's crazy how expensive they can get for just a shirt with their logo on it. 
To me, there's a huuge difference between selling something to make a living, which every bodybuilder pretty much has to do, and claiming its the secret to their success and its magic. Bradley sells shit because people buy it, but I don't think I have ever heard him say that hes big because of his supplements.
No supplement company is reinventing the wheel honestly with their products, because protein is still protein and pre workout is still  pre workout. But if you like Calum and Brad and want to support them then buy their shit.
So why lie and pretend to be different when his stuff looks worse
I mean at least Nikes get seen, the supps you buy are in a closet, no one sees it. So why not buy the best bang for your buck, not the coolest guys shit that's over priced... and hey, hydroxycut back in the day was straight fucking Crack hahaha
Lol yeah you're right about the nike's example, it wasn't the best one i could give. I think it just depends on the person, there are many uneducated folks out there who will see Brad (as well as anyone else with a great physique) and will buy his supplements to look like him (without even looking at the ingredients). Hence the ShredZ scums. I'm fine with BM's supplement line just because he doesn't claim that he obtained his physique thanks to his supplements. If someone is dumb enough to fall for this crap, then i'm sorry for him. We've all bought stupid shit when we first started and we learnt through that process at least..
At least he mostly sells things that are useful. Like clothing. Or water bottles. Not some bullshit cream or snake oil 
My wife had a weight lifting world record at 10 for girls bench press.  She uses oils.  Completely different products for different uses.  Shit has nothing to do with fitness, oils are more about homeopathy, mood, spirtuality, etc...
Yeah man, I use oils too and all my PRs went up after I started using them.  I mean, there's tren suspended in my oils, idk about the ones your wife uses.
You should look up what snake oil is. 
Snake oil is the shit my wife rubs on me that's not scientifically proven to do shit.  Still makes me feel better.  I hate non scientific shit because I work in STEM but I can't deny that my muscles and joints do feel better when she applies the shit.
Honestly I fucking love placebos too man. It's got a ton of caffeine in it sure, but I'd be willing to bet that at least half of the rush one gets from a PWO is a placebo anyway.
You're an idiot. STFU 
I wouldn't go that far as to call him an idiot.  The placebo effect is extremely strong, and it even occurs when the user knows it's a placebo after being told it's a placebo.  He's right when it comes to mood and mind.  People here are acting like he's saying "it'll make you stronger" no not at all.
They give the control nothing.  
Stop feeding the troll yall
Yessir
What does it do?
And also what weightlifting is. That sport doesn't include bench.
Damn straight. I appreciate you. 
Well thanks, feistysquirrel. I know the person I replied to is likely just trolling, but I feel as though if bodybuilding wants to be considered a strength sport (close enough), then we should at least be able to identify the other (actual) sports by name.
Just snake pills.
Wtf is this lmao
I feel sorry for ronnie that he has to do shit like that. The best there ever was, reduced to a third rate snake oil salesman. 
I'm out of the loop here... what's this "cream" about and who's selling them like a snakeoil salesman?
If you follow Paige Hathaway, she is trying to sell it. I guess Ronnie is as well. 
Says the hypocrite who tries to sell worthless sups himself
While I agree with you to an extent, he's complaining about worthless oranges (that someone says will make you grow hair or some shit) while he sells apples (for general health) and clothes 
Fuck off. 
But it's no proprietary blends
ingredients in that will actually help increase thermogenesis during EXERCISE.   a fucking cream won't. 
If you put his pill in creating form it would do the same thing
No it would not. 
Unless it doesn't dissolve into the vehicle being used then yes it would. It would be absorbed by the body and therefore take effect
What
Cream... typo
You really didn't help this time bot
What?
Tee hee hee...
err what?
Lol woops, cream form
Depends on the ingredients and the carrier. Some do actually work.
No they don't.  There is no such thing as a creme that burns fat. PERIOD. 
All subjects were instructed to follow a 1200 kcal balanced diet, participate in a walking program and return biweekly to encourage compliance.  This is what caused their fatloss. Not the cream.
There's this thing called a control group
Yea. Then they compare the ppl who took the cream following the diet to the people who didn't following the same diet. Do you know how studies work? Still don't think you know what a control group is
To be fair, there is a big gap between a generic thermogenic pill and a "fat burner" cream.    Sure, the thermo is nothing more than a bunch of stimulants, but at least it should work as an appetite suppressant.  The cream that Ronnie is selling is absolutely going to do fuckall.
I bet these dude are mad cause bought BM's stuff to look like him and now their coconut cream dont work either. 
Let Ronnie make a buck, what's the difference between that and any other supp ad and endorsement, and i'm not talking BB only here.
Ethics 
Haha gimme a break, anyone would sell any shit as long as the checks are good.
Good to see you passed your business ethics units.
Ronnie also charges for photos at expos LMAO
Yeah asshole, eating muscletech you'll become phil heath, or using the ab-eocker you get the six pack of the guy on TV
Why are u guys hating on someone that's giving real advice n speaking the truth u fuckin hatedditers. Because he sell fat burners which work? And you think coconut cream work too? 
He's talking about selling you something that does nothing.  He is selling stuff but it's clothes or supplements that actually do something.
Lol
Says the man who sells a fat burner with the same ingredients that is oral instead of a topical... so sad
Cool, they both do jack shit, what's your point?
You did say the same ingredients. 
I meant as a fat burner lol... this Ronnie cream is obviously on a different level of scam haha
with all that chemical shit in it I'm good, even if it did work, which it doesn't
You gotta source on that? Only reason I ask is because I doubt they put caffeine in a topical lotion. 
Are you somehow suggesting caffeine cannot be absorbed through the skin? 
Are you somehow avoiding my questions on where you got your information regarding the ingredients of each product?
The only fat burner that comes to mind right now are the 2 topical ones that evomuse makes with caffeine in them
The caffeine in the Eviscerate is just there to counter the water retention from the Yohimbine HCl.
I know, he said he doubts they put caffeine in topical lotions, they do
Yep. It's there as a diuretic function. Yohimbine applied topically causes water retention, but it has pretty limited direct fat burning effects when used topically.
Pretty much, the most common use for the topical agents are for pulling water more than any real(noticeable) fat removal. Which they are pretty good at pulling water
Will share this tomorrow as well, my new posing routine will be to Neon Indian
Who else caught UFC 204 tonight? That shit was insane. Anyways that pushed my workout back a good 3 hours. Bout to crush this late night workout.
Girlfriend said Tom Hardy is the sexiest celeb alive. Looks like I need to hit traps harder. ...and lips? 
First time I have ever been to a gym with a hack squat machine.  I feel like my quads are going to explode. 
What are your guys' favorite four day splits? I've been running PPL for a while but I don't feel like my muscles are able to fully recover in three days.
are your Creatine and protein sufficient for recovery? If I drop creatine while doing PPLPPL, I do the first PPL heavy with compounds and the 2nd PPL of the week mostly accessories.  Also make sure you're taking your designated rest and/or refeed days.  Other than that, suck it up.
There's lots of upper/lower splits that are made for 4 days, PHUL probably being the most well known. 
I do PPL too and I don't think I ever fully recover. I take protein and creatine and I'm always a little sore when I gym but it should be fine. 
Maybe I'll try to up the calories more. But I'm already getting fat af. I need to start eating sexually like you. 
Could use some advice on scheduling my days/rest for muscles.   I use to do 1 day all muscle groups, one day off.  Now I'm doing 1 day upper body, one day lower body/abs, which has let me do more reps per muscle group, while still only spending 1-1.5 hours per workout.  So for instance, now instead of doing 2 sets of biceps, I now do 3 sets.  I don't take any days off usually, and this has all seemed to have helped.    I do notice that my upper/lower don't seem completely rejuvenated on this split schedule, because I don't have an off day.  I'm thinking about adding a abs day, and upping the number of sets per muscle group again.  So I'd be doing 4 sets of biceps now instead of 3, etc.  Is this the natural progression people who lift weights go through?    I'm worried that 2 days off in-between working out each muscle group will be too long, and I'll lose what I work for more than I gain (I take it most of you are like me and can build up fast, but also can be torn down fast if you rest too much).  
So what's going on that after 3 days of resting a muscle it looks smaller?  After a week it's very noticeable.  Strength-wise my muscles seem to maintain well, but in terms of size there is a big difference in what seems like very little time.
Yeah could be the diet. I get hungry A LOT, and often have to go a few hours without much to eat. Your body eats your muscles first if you don't have enough food.   Thanks for your help. 
Anyone here follow David laid, qwin vitale, or dylan mckenna? There really cool dudes who have good physiques for being so young. Check em out on Youtube if your interested. 
Holy shit his mom was spotting him?
if you need more than 15 pounds of assistance, you chose the wrong weight. My mom can curl 15lbs. 
TIL there is a subreddit called r/holdmyfries
Anyone got suggestions for a good gym bag? The draw string I had been using ripped and I'm looking to upsize a bit.
Had my Ogio bag since 2006. Zipper broke but other than that going strong. 
i'm waiting for the rock to rerelease his
If you're looking to sweeten your oats or protein shakes etc. Buy some pure ducts lose online and sprinkle that shit on. So much cheaper and less calories than the stuff in supermarkets 
I get bored so much recently and lurk here all day. Makes me want to hop on a cycle just so I can lift all day and have something to do...
have you tried lifting all day without the sauce? 
No. It doesn't seem that practical.
Um.... How does it become more practical with steroids? Garbage men used to lift trash cans all day, carpenters move shit all day. If you got the time, smash it.
Better recovery so you can handle more volume and still grow. I've heard of pros that train 2x a day.
So eat and take naps. 
Finally hit 3X10 on squat with 225. Feels good bros. 
Completely dropped squats out of my routine because they were fucking with my knees and back too much.   Started doing walking lunges, and holy fuck. My legs are exploding. 
Dumbbells or barbell? My right knee started giving me trouble today so I want to stay off the squats for a while. 
Dumbbell, I feel it forces me to stabilize myself more so I get more of a work out
unexpected
lunges and bulgarian squats are the future. stay woke.
315 deadlift unlocked 
male, you're getting there   female, hot damn. 
TIL your skeleton only weighs like 20-30 pounds I would have guessed way more bones are light af
From a scientific POV I really wanted holmes's tech to work but she the way she hid info from investors is pretty messed up. Read she went against the RnD director to falsify data too
Exactly, Its fucked up but the technology / policy is so ahead of the times. I really hope a company can swing in and have the same intentions but with a better lead.
I know that feel man, embarrassingly when I was like 16 or so it happened and had the same freak out, I took my awake arm and pushed my dead arm and it swung and smacked me in the face like dead weight. I was not a smart man/boy, I've since learned my lesson haha
This used to happen to me all the time. I would sleep on my stomach with my arms under the pillow which made them fall asleep.  One morning, I woke up with both arms asleep.  My alarm clock was going off and I had to roll over without my arms and wait for them to wake back up.  It feels pretty crazy.
Fuck Texas 
Shes gonna have a hoard of followers and now know you creepy shared lol. Amazing 
Fuck I read that as Deca Scan and im all like they can scan roids now? plz
Any of you guys in the UK got recommendations for shirts? I'm not particularly big but every shirt I try seems to either be like wearing a straight jacket on my chest or just billow out all over the place.
Not in the UK but personally I buy Ralph Laurens slim fit shirts, they fit me pretty good although I'm not unreasonably big either. 
Been trying to put on some weight and was making some progress, but of course I got a fucking stomach virus and have literally been shitting everything I eat out for the past two days
Went to a party with some coworkers after work and we were all chilling in the garage and there were a couple grills that made it obvious they wanted to smash and kept giving me shoulder rubs and feeling the gains. I wasn't drinking because I didn't want to waste the calories and I was driving home so I didn't try anything because it felt too rapey. Anyways, since we were in the garage they had their weight bench set up and all I could focus on was going over and doing some reps to get a good pump going. MFW I was more concerned about muscles than trying to smash.
das it mane
My car got broken into this morning and so much stuff was stolen. Whatever it's leg day 
Sorry bro.  What got boosted?  Live in a bad area?
I lost in the biggest tennis tournament of my life during my last year to ever play it.  Got really really depressed, smoked a bunch of pot, ate 3 boxes of eggo waffles.  It was amazing.  Guess I'm bulking again...
Feels make for a powerful bulk. Feel better bro 
Anyone got that picture with the different supps to increase your cum load? It has something weird and corny in it that says something about that god-tier 10ml load or something equally retarded
bahaha it's not but that works. Thanks mang
My issue is I don't shoot. god I wish I shot
Try moving your hips forward at the time it comes out to create the illusion of a shot? Or just cum into your hand and throw it on to her. 
Haha, the latter is known as the spiderman
I'll let you know how it goes bb
Look up "Ball Refil" and "Chainsaw" on bb.com
Whenever I see a before and after pic, the first thing I look at now is the person's forehead. Goddamnit, r/bodybuilding.
Also leg
Tell him to fuck off lol
Birthday today, hit arms and went to a rock climbing place, and seeing a rapper live today. not bad at all 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Thanks man
what rapper?
I AM THE ONE THE ONE 
Deja Vu is so weird to experience trips me the fuck out and then I start thinking of the matrix is real life 
Gonna start smolov on Monday to hopefully fix my poverty squats, I have mid terms next week too so I have to figure this pickle out 
Just eat the pickle 
Something is gotta give brother. Well if you are taking mid terms in a challenging course.
Since when is the solution for bullying to call the cops and the "victim" to therapy? 
Do u even PC brah?  But seriously, its common place now. Graduated highschool in 2013 and towards the end of it we had multiple meeting about how bullying is bad and all this other shit. Im old school tho, someone bullied me I'd fight and end up suspended. Now that you have cyber bullyimg its even worse. My generation can barely communicate face to face and its awful. People don't know how to converse abymore and when their "safespace" (online) is compromised by a bully they start losing it and then you have the whole mental breakdown and shit. Its fucking ridiculous
I was bullied constantly throughout elementary and middle school, a lot.  I always wore a hoodie and pants because of my body. I never told teachers or psychiatrist or therapists. I don't necessarily mean resorting to violence, I mean using that bullying as a drive to better yourself. If you need to physically stand up for your self, then fucking do it. If you get your ass beat, so what, get up. You're gonna live, life goes on.  Talking about how it makes you feel to some fuck in an office isn't going to make bullying stop. Unable to cope? Wtf? So you just give up? No, fuck that. If you can't cope with people saying mean things to you, then life is gonna fuck you up. 
Im not condoning physicality thats just what I did. And I'm not saying everyone should be like me, however I do feel there are certain things a person should be able to take - and also times when people on the outside should stick up for those being bullied.   We've gotten much to fragile as of late and its bullshit. Yes there are people who get borderline tortured psycologically and I completely understand why they break down and why they go to therapy, but for the most part that isn't the case. 
Decent metal playlists on spotify for gym?
Sorry not Spotify but, Parkway Drive's Ire is a great album for the gym  Also As I Lay Dying and Whitechapel are good 
Love PWD and AILD, going to check out Whitechapel for tomorrow's workout 
Just crushed my pull day, ran into some gym regulars, one I hadn't seen in a couple of years who complemented my gains. Travelling for the next week but made sure the hotel had a good gym attached to it so hopefully I won't be too worse off.  Since cutting, I've found my heavy deadlifts to be suffering (struggling to get 5 at 315) but doing 10-12 at 275 is no issue or, if anything, has actually improved with my cut. Progression is usually a set of 12 at 135/185/225/275. Am I simply burning myself out before I get to 3 plates? I'm back on the bulk train so I expect to recover my numbers soon.
Cut the warmup sets down, that's a lot of volume. 
It's a real good feel when your training partner, who's pretty big himself, says you're looking like a freak and should compete. Had a pretty solid session of gvt zercher squats and I'm seeing new vascularity everywhere I look despite being on a bulk. Training wise, everything is going great so far. Have a great day y'all. 
Just had my buddy's smart ass stay at home wife make a crack about me going to the gym on a Saturday.  I just replied that I go to the gym every day that I go to work.  Look on her face was perfect and I wish I would have had my phone ready for a pic.
Get bigger. I was not a veiny guy before but once i started putting on some size I got way more vascular.
Yeah he did play football in high school and college so that might be a factor also....should have played football apparently
He's probably equally embarrassed of you. Don't feel too bad 
I don't understand the session with vein popping. Can you guys explain it to me?
It looks like you're covered in dick skin 
And its fuckin freaky. I need it
Why is that a good thing bro. Honestly seriously asking..no judgement 
I just think it looks cool. 
how about blood pressure? check yours and your dads. Vascularity isn't only bodyfat
true. Im pretty sure his is high. Last time I got mine checked it was about 100/55.
What kind of meals do you guys make that provides leftovers that can be reheated in a microwave and still taste good?
chilli
In my experiences everything but fried foods reheat fine. The trick is to reheat in the microwave in intervals and make sure not to leave it in too long 
Saucy foods like curry's and stuff with more liquid in them.
Pulled pork.  Get the cheapest, bone-in shoulder cut and cook it sloooooowly.  Bon appetite
Inna slow cooker with down hot sauce , BBQ sauce and a bit of root bar. 
About a month into my bulk and up almost ten pounds. I wanted to bulk a lot cleaner but it seems I fucked up a bit. So concerned about hitting strength PRs so I started eating more and more when I was having trouble advancing in my lifts. Now I feel simultaneously fat and small. Gonna revert back to u/dltbb's bro split from ppl and  drop my calories a bit. 
Great video thanks for sharing. At this point I feel I've already put on a little too much fat to start a lean bulk and I would hate to feel like I just wasted a month. Would you recommend doing a small cut or eating at maintenance for a recomp for a little while before going into a lean bulk the right way?
Someone explaine this water bread thing to me.
This sounds fucking nasty
u wot m8
Some weirdo talked about soaking bread and...eating it?....in order to get more calories in. Its a dumb meme now.
Buy water bed. Bang grill. You'll understand.. thst wavey motion
TFW You're a high school senior. You're running the after touchdown school flags. You run by opposing cheerleaders. You wink. They smile. You turn off the track to turn around, and slam super hard in the mud. They laugh. You skin your knees and coat them. No hose. Cheer the rest of the game. They burn, but it's just the skin, right babe? Go to after party instead of washing them. Go home too tired. Wake up, leg day. Both knees  burn. They're infected. Gets to skip leg day. I'd consider it win.
Saw someone pulling 3 plates with straps while using over under grip today. A bit confused tbh.  Funny thing was when he was tightening his right strap he was loosening his left one.  
I used to do that... I was wrapping them around the bar the wrong way so they would slide out if I didn't do the reverse grip. 
I started deadlifting with over/under, and tried to switch to overhand when I began using straps. For some reason that caused problems for the shoulder that had previously been underhand, so now I am one of those weirdos doing over/under with straps. 
I live in Florida and my university's gym is closed because of the hurricane. It's not even raining outside and the gym doesn't open again until Monday. I'm stuck doing push-ups, planks, and dips in my dorm room. Do some extra reps for me bros. 
Are you allowed to stay in dorm due to hurricane? Sounds dangerous. Sorry for my arrogance,  live in north where no hurricanes 
Step up yo game bruh
Heavy for me and the normies at the gym I went to
He's insane. Even more insane that he's 21. Fuck me
Is creatine a decent investment? Heard yes and that it helps when cutting but right now I only really take whey and don't wanna sink my poor ass college money into something if if isn't worth it.
Just cheap af and doesn't hurt
Yes, if anything I'd prioritise buying creatine over whey.
Extremely cheap as well
It helps but it's not entirely game-changing, but it's also really cheap. If you have a few extra bucks to get some, do it, but if it means not getting something else you need, I'd wait.
Got the 3pl8 squat today on a hangover. Bit paranoid about the depth, def felt below parallel so I'll have another go next week and film It.
smashed a woman twice my age today. this was my superbowl, gonna hit chest today and aim for some prs to confirm i can do no wrong. 
no vid no did
Finally hit my long time goal of a 3 pl8 squat. So fuckin happy right now. Kill all your lifts today bros
Trying to hit that goal. So happy for you man
You'll get it man. Just keep workin towards it and it'll get there
Someone give me the update on this Christian Guzman shit pls xx
no updates in the past 2 days only speculation
Bro Nikki deleted her vid before I saw it. I'm just reading all the comments on their videos cuz i ain't got shit to do lol. 
She said she got raped while blackout drunk
I thought she said she fucked someone while blacked out?  Or did she specifically say she was raped?
You sound like me. Started at 5'9" 120 lbs. Thought I'd be happy with my weight every time I set a goal, but once I got there it would be another 10 lbs, and another 10 lbs, and another 10 lbs, and another 10 lbs, etc. lol.
Dude I'm 190 at 5'11" and I still think I'm too small.  It never ends.   Great work. 
Try being 6'2 at 180
245 at 6'. I'm a fat fuck. 
Hearing this sort of confidence from someone who is in the same boat as me puts a fuckin smile on my face. Keep at it amigo.
Great job, keep it going. I started right where you did, 130lb and 6'0". I fucking hated being told how skinny I was. Now everyone talks about how skinny I used to be, and I'm okay with that.
Breh I'm 220 at 6' and feel too small. And fat.
Are you small and fat?
Objectively nah, tren makes that hard to do  Subjectively yes.
Had a dream a bunch of us were in a big theatre type building and Goob was holding a pop quiz about lifting, and whenever you made a correct answer Goob handed you a quest bar.  Good shit
BRB. Telling my girlfriend that random dudes on the Internet are having dreams about me. I'll let you know how that goes. 
has anyone else began to just throw more and more shit into their protein shake as if you're making some secret wizard potion? Started off as just whey and milk. Added a banana. Then another banana. Then ice cream. Then a handful of almonds. Then a scoop of peanut butter.   I feel like a fucking meathead chemist 
Instant oats 
Yea until I broke my blender 
Coconut oil,  easy calories. And oats
Bruh...  Ice   Milk   Whey  White rice  Spinach  Orange  Frozen berries  PWO powders 
I like to use coffee, it tastes better and it's fucking coffee
ah, i miss coffee protein shakes in the morning. think I'm gonna revist when this cut is over.
You forgot the Cocoa Pebbles
...and at some point that thing that was supposed to fix your macros for the day just made them even shittier. jk, I did it for awhile until I realized that all things that I like to add are full of sugar. I love sugar apparently. 
Add some water bread
Throw some green vegetables and frozen berries in for the micronutrient gains.
Next thing you know you'll be drinking raw chicken breast shakes
I think I'm going to break up with my long distance GF after i visit this week. I'm just way to possessive and jealous to handle a LDR and It takes too much of a toll on my mental stability. 
I think that's mature that you really see that it's you. A lot of people would blame the other person. Thats really commendable.
All kinds of /r/humblebrag in this post 
lol, "humble"
Spotted the salty manlet
Funny, I thought the same thing when I read your original reply.
How tall is she?
5'10 or so
Master level negging
You got Donald Trump hands?
Miniscule wrists 
I think we're talking about uncle jack level hands over here. 
Is small hands a bad thing? Brb suicide
Makes your dick look bigger, so I guess not. heh
the hand to dick to ball ratio
That's the worst part.
Would be fun to come back with "Well, now that you're fatter, you look fatter"  Of course never say it the wifey in real life.. but damn you'd' think she would throw some positive comments your way if you are gaining muscle instead of belittling you.
To be fair, I don't think she means it as an insult or anything.  I'm pretty sure that she's hesitant to say directly that I look better, because she doesn't want to imply that she wasn't attracted to me before, or that she emphasizes my looks. I have dragged it out of her a few times, though.
Hey man, can't you grow? It's not that hard, just add a height day to your split, duh.
3kg down on first cut and looking better than ever.  I'm saving so much Data on Porn now, I just jerk off to shoulder veins in the mirror.
I assumed you were saving data on porn because the cut killed your sex drive.  I miss my sex drive.
I'm the definition of a reverse curl bro. Tris poppin and thick and bis looking like sad deflated titties.   Need to start cutting the back part of back day shorter. Uni gym always closes before I get a good bi pump. 
My friend is under my gym membership which lowers the cost the more people you have. He is on the fence about quitting so I'm just verbally abusing him into keeping it, but I don't like training with him. I don't think I'm a bad person, but I am.
As long as you didn't say "Thank you, you too" , you'll be fine.
That's awesome. Tell him he shouldn't be pushing that cream though, it's only tarnishing his image
Better yet, dont say a fucking word about it so he doesn't get pissy.
TFW you decide to go to your parents' house for the weekend, then get a text invite from a grill to a pregame back near your apartment. Stupid luck.
The penis is not a muscle
First complete day off in about a month. Going to watch some playoff baseball, go to the library, and possibly get a new PS4 game at Wal-Mart.
I used to love Diet Coke, but Coke Zero spoiled the fuck out of me.  I cringe when I take that first sip of Diet Coke now.  Still have to drink it at restaurants and such, but it makes me miss the Zero.
Going off pre-workout for 5 weeks. Life is going to be hard. 
Rather overdose and die than give up pre
Nice glutes.
Felt like a 220kg cake man
Loved the photo post-vid showing depth haha, sick squat man
Haha i put that in for myself really even though it was still abit high
You have nice legs 
Youre very kind thankyou
Looked easy, good job
Who is justice beaver?
Thankyou kind person
Great job man. I think you got more in you if you improve your hip mobility
Really appreciate that thankyou
Anyone else got 30000ft high bicep insertions?  Like I could fit an entire thanks-giving turkey between the inside of my elbow joint and where my bicep starts when flexed.
You guys know the warming cream, right? Horse balm or whatever. I thought it would help with my recovery, so i put it on my knees, elbows, shoulders, inner thigh. It got on my nuts. It burnt for a solid 4 minutes so i had to keep my boys under icy cold water and now it's like summer in my pants.
Get big, you got yourself some breakup gainz, use them. New ladies are gain goblins 
Monster Energy Absolutely Zero, and Monster Energy Zero Ultra.  What's the fucking difference?  I bought one of each to try them.  Googled them and read their labels, but lost interest before coming to any life changing conclusions.  I'll be taking one with EC stack today, and both say they have the same caffeine.    Either taste better, or have more of an energy / focus boost?  
I'm addicted to the white can which I believe is the ultra. Idk why. It's not something I'm proud of. But it tastes so good.   
Me too. Blue is second.
Same, nothing beats that first sip of the day.
I used to drink three absolute zeros a day. Then I realized they were just making me feel like shit so I just stopped entirely. I tried one like 4 or 5 months later and it just tasted like straight chemicals. I dont know what happened in my brain but they're terrible to me now.   But now I pick up the white can one every once in a while. It's fucking delicious. 
I love the red one and the white one. I take 3 cans a week max. Its hard tho since i have to stock up on them. I have like 15 cans right next to me. Temptation is real
Have you tried Pepsi Max? It's got double the caffeine but no calories.  I'm a die-hard Coke Zero fiend personally but will by Max if I find it on sale
You ever check grocery stores? Monsters in mine go for 2 for 3 bucks or even 4 for 5 bucks most days
How about straight caffeine? 
Straight caffeine makes me a jittery mess.  I can't even use stim PWOs.  I can drink a pot of coffee or a gallon of Diet Coke, but 200-300mg caffeine in a supplement destroys me.  
Then work your way up with 150mg of coffee
Work my way up to what?  I can already drink coffee all day.  What's 150mg of coffee supposed to do for me?
Go back a couple posts and reread. 
Yeah but to me, that doesn't make sense, whats the difference of straight caffeine and drinking a gallon of coke?  If you drank that gallon/pot of coffee all in one shot you would probably go crazy as well
R. I. P to my nose hairs on this bulk. Farts smell so bad that they can clear a room in seconds (tested on gf)
Crashed my car into a ditch last night guys... Went to fast round a sharp bend, braked once I realized I went waaaaay to fast and the gravel on the road and slid into the ditch. Was with my friend I met of tinder ive known for a month and was helped by the house opposite my car. The woman in there was saying we should get married or be bf/gf and we are there all awkwarded out lol. Nice people tho.  Time for the bank to go catabolic I guess now aha   Was a long night. Got pulled out by the AA breakdown and its mostly just cosmetic damage, any bros that are looking to get a first car that takes beatings ford fiestas are the way to go...
You should probably work on looking good in good lighting first. 
if you really did that youre a fucking savage that was brutal
I did say it. I felt horrible tho. I told her I have social anxiety(i actually do,lol) and she understood. Asked her if she wanted to grab some food sometime,she said yes. 
Heading to gym, 2pm Saturday is my favorite time. Like 5 people there. Chest and back coming up..have a great day all 
Still have diarrhoea from eating that black bean pasta. Probably only managed 1300 cals yesterday as a result. You could say that this cut is going well 
I made the stupid mistake of going clothes shopping before starting a blast. Now here I am 30 lbs heavier not being able to fit in any of my pants. Maybe I should start fitting my clothing budget into my drug budget
3 hours in and only 100 comments where are the 5am regulars duh
Weekend bro
Sugar-free peppermint mocha creamer is pure bliss. Saved me from raiding my daughters Reese's Puffs for breakfast this morning. Also happy AF because I've lost 11 pounds in a month. Finally feel like I've mastered cutting and bulking cycles. 
I feel super fat but people keep telling me I look big and all my lifts are going up. Struggle is hard out here 
someone in the gym today said my physique looks like connor murphy hold me bros. on the otherhand i'm a 5ft8 midget and could only dream of being as big as him though
Up early, chugged a black coffee and about to smash my first squat workout of wendler 5/3/1. Kill your lifts bros 
Caffeine shits bro be careful plz
Ask for a refund.
I'll just use it to power me back up when I get pinned at the bottom of the squat 
Didn't take nyquil for the first time in 2 weeks last night. I dreamt I binged and woke up covered in sweat. I got rid of my cravings and lost some water weight in my sleep. 
Forgot to mention, if you live near a Harris Teeter, they have sugar free (and regular) "spider energy drinks" for one dollar for all the people drinking monsters/rockstars. They have 240 MG of caffeine as well, which is double the monsters.
I bought a huge bag of muscle milk protein protein powder without realizing that ON is a higher quality. Will there be a noticeable difference if I take the muscle milk instead of the ON? 
You'll turn into a pussy from drinking that sweet ass protein powder 
Muscle milk has undergone several lawsuits for lieing on their labels. Read up on it.
Nah. 
Sipping my coffee as we speak . Give me a chest routine I'll be heading in the gym in like half an hour . Could use a glorious pump so high volume is preferred.
pre-fatigue with pec deck  incline db press  flat db press  weighted or bw dips  low to high pec flyes  high to low pec flyes
Any other bros here deal with insomnia? Been having bouts of it throughout this semester. Shit sucks.  
I think I made it. Girl I had a huge crush on said that I am the most aesthetic in all of year 11.    Is that what "making it" looks like?   Did not smash (yet) though because she has a BF.
Disregard females, cultivate mass
A's before baes mate
smash the bf instead
Make eye contact to assert dominance. 
My bicep vain is starting to show on my left arm. Gym progress goin good. Finally 14 inch arms too.
I wish my bicep vein would be there too man .
Animal pak coming in today lets become an SWOLE ANIMAL   Bulking is great
People still take animal packs??? Wow
Guys what are the effects of low carbs on the brian? Cutting pretty drastically and carbs are sort of low but I am in school. I'm thinking of doing reseed days before midterms since carbs are the source of the brain right? Any "brain" foods I should be eating before my midterms? I get around 100g of carbs a day so not too bad tbh, 
Aren't most airline pilots former navy and air force pilots? 
My earbuds keep breaking from sweat at the gym, am I doing something wrong or am I supposed to buy special earbuds?
Not sure if this is a southern thing or a florida thing, but why do black females wear shower caps in public?  See it a lot.
Was about to order up stuff for my cruise and next blast, then the hurricane happened and no one is shipping. I need to ration out my test now so I don't run out. Poor planning on my part.
Finally got to a plate on my dadlift. I know it's destitute but I've been unable to deadlift at all until last month, so I'm happy.   Also, what's your favorite brand of protein bar? I find quest bars to be more like Laffy taffy than a tasty bar. I've been buying PowerBar Proteinplus bars and for the same calories/protein ratio they taste a hell of a lot better. Also tried the Gatorade brand, I like those a lot too.
Caffeine pills on an empty stomach is what crack must feel like 
Would you suck dick for it? People suck dick for crack
To those that compete in physique, what brand board shorts did you end up getting?  I have a pair of light green hurley's that I like, but I want to have another option or two once I get the tan in case the coloring looks awful.  Also was wondering how conservative I need to be with the styling of them.
Any pharmacists or computer science majors in here? Going back to school and seriously stressing about which path to take. I've always had an interest in sciences and memorizing things but feel like computer science would be less time and more opportunities and job growth. I have zero experience in computers though. 
Everyones opinions on drinking diet coke whilst cutting? 
won't hurt, just don't over-do it
I go through diet pop like it's my fucking job, especially while cutting.
0 calories, go nuts
How cut have you been whilst drinking it tho?
I drink it every day, bulk or cut. I dont like drinking soda with calories since i have the appetite of a black hole
do you find it harder to cut while drinking or there is no diffrence
no, why should it? No calories.
there's some bullshit science that suggests it increases appetite somehow. In my health class we just watched an hour long documentary about it and other stupid stuff that basically said "it's not calories in vs. calories out" it's genetics and all the fat people in my class were like yeah it's not my fault i'm fat and god i'm still pissed
What lifts or accessories should I do on push day with a very slightly injured shoulder? It doesn't feel too bad but definitely something where I shouldn't be lifting heavy (for me) barbells. Tried floor presses for the first time and they felt better, as did most dumbbell movements. Was thinking of switching over to dumbells for a few weeks and see how the shoulder recovers. Make sense?
Decline movements were pain-free for me while my shoulder recovered. 
If I was you I would focus on putting on size instead of cutting. I think if you cut now your just going to be a skinny fella with abs. 
When gaining or losing weight, how much would 1lb of gain/loss affect TDEE? 
I'm sore tired and unmotivated time to put on some AC/DC and lift some fucking weights.
Linearly progress to heavy metal and then you'll truly take flight
If money isn't tight, what easy/no prep foods are awesome for bulking?
Mixed nuts to snack on throughout the day. Eat a few ounces which is barely anything and you've got a few hundred cals and some healthy fats.
Chipotle
Cereal 
Poptarts 
Plenty of other options, they're just not as delicious as meat.  Dairy, eggs, nuts, beans, fish, soya, protein powders.
I went up 40 pounds and down 25 and mine are fine. Went through two pregnancies too. 
Bros, the autism is too real. I cant even watch porn and pay attention to the sex or girl if the guy has a good physique, i find myself looking at his body more than the girls...
No autism, just gay
Nothing gay 'bout admiring a dudes rear glute spread
Best off doing it for longer, but like the other guy said just bulk. At your age it'll be much more effective. 
How old are you?   I would say bulk bulk bulk
17   Yeah I want to. I just don't want to get too fat. I know I should worry so much. But it is just something I would like to minimise.   How long should I bulk? 
You're still small so why even set a time limit for a lean bulk at all? Just keep lean bulking until you feel the need to cut
Question for you bros, is it safe long term to work out 6 days a week as a 15 year old?
The only danger is if you fuck up during a lift, so just don't be a retard. 
Of course it is 
Currently watching a chick in my gym but a barbell trough a foam roller to use for bb hip thrusts. Not sure if troll 
Was there no pussy pad lying around for that? I do know a bare barbell against the hips feels awful so you gotta do what you gotta do I guess 
Pussy pads galore bro, pussy pads galore. Ignorance is bliss though. 
Does it matter if anyone says yes or no? Keep working hard and find out. 
No lol it doesn't, but I was just asking to see if anyone had any input.
Realized this wrist pain I've been having recently is probably related the the fact I haven't done a set of wrist rollers in such a long time- those really kept my wrists healthy and made my tendonitis go down. This uni gym aint got one so I'm going to have to wait till I get back home to use it. Anyone got any wrist strengthening movements besides wrist curls? 
Do them with an EZ bar, kneeling down with your forearms on a bench. Both supinated and pronated (super light).
How many comments u wanna make?? Just combine all to one next time
Is it better to try figure maintenance out by eating at what I think is a maintenance (for about 3 weeks to see changes), and then adding 250 calories to it so I can lean bulk. Or should I just add 250 calories to what I think is my maintenance?  
Whats your goal?   TDEE calculators are pretty accurate, so calculate - add 500 cals (for gaining weight) and go from there.  Take pics every week and weigh yourself everyday (under the same conditions)
If you do a little cardio and keep your diet clean, that should keep the fat gain low, but you will gain fat no matter what 
"clean" uggghhhh... Because food choices really dictate how much fat you'll gain, independent of caloric surplus lol.
I meant it as a way of keeping the macros in order
Start by finding your maintenance for a few weeks, then add in 100-200 cals once your weight stalls. Rinse and repeat. 
second
Second(ed)
Nudes or it didn't happen 
Nudes or they won't post nudes and it happened
If you have a weekly surplus of 4000, when you're trying to maintain. How could you fix this? Without starving severely the following days. 
Eat 4000 fewer calories weekly.
Lmao. People are so fucking dumb.. good answer btw
anyone else have way less motivation to lift and diet hard while cruising 
I definitely get a little less motivated to lift when my numbers start to plateau and I can't handle the same volume without adding a lot more time to a workout (and even then being much more sore as a result).   But diet wise I start to freak out that I might be getting fat or losing muscle when I start cruising so that usually kicks me into forming better dietary habits on a cruise. I know I can get away with some variance in my calories here and there or with a little less than optimal macro split while I'm blasting, but cutting it feels like I need everything to be perfect. 
I'm actually feeling very motivated to plateau with the same weights but without the drugs. Although it's not gonna be easy.
Cruise?  Try off completely   
What is... off?
Off? Try natty for 13 years 
Hypogonadism? Try being a fucking GOMADer
That's nothing, I did it for 23 years.
Man, im on my 22nd year. Does it get any easier?
haha nope not at all hopped on when I turned 23
35 years clean and hate it more than ever. 
I'm not on the bike or looking to hop on anytime soon but I like to learn about all this stuff for in case I do hop on later.   Do people cruise on low amounts of test without planning to cycle off? Or is cycling off on low doses still advised?
Yeah the main reason people do it is so they dont have to PCT. Less stress on the body (to statt it up and shut it down over and over) and you can spend more time on cycle. 
Ok cool. Is cruising low dose test an effective cycle? I always figured if I was going to hop on that doing this would probably be my first cycle. I just want to make sure what I'm doing would be effective and not wasting my time. 
Depends what exact dose you're talking about. Normally the purpose of a cruise is just to supplement the bodys natural production and mimic NOT being on anything.    Some people do smaller doses and longer cycles though. I couldnt tell you how it compares though. I personally wouldnt do less than 500 mg test PW unless I was using other compounds too.
So what's your teat level bro
Good lord, I didn't even see that hahaha... that one doesn't make sense, my phone knows better damn it
Would a male see results on that amount of test? I'm sorry if all of these are super newbie questions. I just want to learn all that I can so that I'll be ready if I ever do jump on the bike and this place seems super open to steroid discussion. 
Yep, a male will certainly see results on this dose, hell, it was my first cycle. Wasn't super impressive or anything but I gained either 14 or 16 pounds in total after I finished my pct. I believe at the end of the cycle before pct it was 20lbs, but the extra weight was water weight
Ok cool. Now a follow up if that's ok, I had a couple friends in high school who hopped on gear and saw decent results (nothing that they probably wouldn't have seen natty at that age though tbh), and they always claimed that slowly reducing the amount of test you pin was enough to ween yourself off and not need pct. Is that correct or is pct still necessary?  Again, sorry for all the 101 questions.. I'm sadly blown away by all the information and different drugs in regards to this stuff lol
I figured. Thought I better find out myself for if I do ever hop on.
That is false sort of lol you would still need a pct as your body will not start to restart itself until all outside testosterone has been flushed from the body... now onto the truth of that, a pct isn't actually necessary at all, your body will recover without it, it will just take twice as long. The reason a pct is wanted is because the longer your testosterone levels and everything are out of wack, the more gained weight from the cycle you risk losing.... but please do a pct lol
Im on week 3 of my 250mg Test E per week. Being only 20 and pretty sure i havent maximized my natty Im thinking hopping off. Reckon id need a pct?
Yep, you'll have have down your hpta. A pct quickens the recovery process 
After 3 weeks you will also be or will be completely shut down. Definitely think about a pct. At this point it doesn't matter if you finish your cycle or not,  you will need to ptc and you are not natty any more. Why not take advantage of the cycle you started and ride the gains train. 
Done my first cycle of 500mg test e. What is recommened to use in my cut prepping for a comp? Winstrol? Reading mixed things about winny.
Took the break don't worry. Its been 10 weeks now since my PCT and i have to start cutting down soon.
10 weeks is not long enough noob
 Winny, anavar, halo are all good drugs for bb prep to get you all hard. 
Hi, I'm hoping to hop on next year, but I'm curious about the sourcing. I've seen the sourcing subreddit, but how trustworthy are they? Is the stuff properly tested? Also, could the "verified sources" be undercover cops or something? 
Great sub. I've used it and they really are as friendly and legit as the day they are. There are posts routinely reviewing sources on customer service and quality (blood tests ect.)
That sub is trustworthy, anyone can claim something is properly tested, unless your the one that personally made the product your at the mercy of the source, as you are in any source forum. Yes, any source at any time, at any location could be a cop
Hate to burst your bubble but police aren't wasting their time to set up honeypots so they can do a sting on people ordering 3 vials of testosterone for personal use. If you order domestic from a verified source the main risk you run is getting exit scammed or gear that has something wrong with it, and even the risk of that happening isn't very high.
a good idea is not to buy anything because a verified source could be an undercover cop instead of using pgp, a bitcoin wallet not connected to your personal information, ordering domestic, having a clean house when accepting a pack, writing return to sender on the package and letting it sit for two weeks, and never ever signing for anything. 
Lol writing return to sender wouldn't do shit... anyway I'm the least secure buyer ever, I firmly believe in hiding in plain sight
on the off chance that a unicorn honeypot cop bursts through your front door like the kool aid man, you have evidence that you have no idea what the package is, and you can say you don't accept packages from people you don't know because there are some absolute psychos out there.
Yep, they'll totally believe you hahaha
preponderance of the evidence bro
answer the door red as fuck with a massive pump "Nah Mr.Officer I've never heard of that 'tren' stuff"
(sweating through stringer, nervously rubbing 3d cannonball delts, and stopping to breathe mid sentence)  steroids...never heard of them.
usually i just exhale out of my nose if i see something funny but today i truly laughed out loud. 
People take gear through TSA checkpoints and they don't bat an eye while they throw out their toothpaste because it's over 3oz. No one cares about small amounts of a class 3 controlled substance.
the guy's ideas are right but it looks like he just wrote one draft/did no proof reading and posted that shit. Spelling/grammar errors, incorrect syntax in some places. Great info but most outsiders are going to say its dis credible because of the way its written
What's the tldr of the site
the guy's ideas are right but it looks like he just wrote one draft/did no proof reading and posted that shit. Spelling/grammar errors, incorrect syntax in some places. Great info but most outsiders are going to say its dis credible because of the way its written
....lol...
Nothing new really. Top bodybuilders take more drugs than they say. Sponsors want fake natties. Etc
What is give for a steroid without sides lol
That article was made in 2013? It looks like it is from 1998. What a shitty looking website.
LOL classic Mentzer. Dude would work out 10 times a year and slam every drug he could... still looked fucking impressive though.
10 times a year? 
Haha thanks, cool getting the back story on these dudes. 
Sounds like you could benefit from gh. It does a lot to repair your body.
Also some peptides like TB500
Considering using BPC and TB, will write up a post about it if I do
Im going to start a test-e cycle 500mg ( first cycle ) im kind of satisfied with my mass, not so much with my bf. Would this test-e cycle also help me cutting or should I just focus on getting more mass and cut after cycle/pct ?  
If you want to cut after your cycle switch to a cruise rather then completely coming off. A lot of gains will be lost if you cut after PCT
Do like 200-250mg test a week and cut to your desired weight. Then bump it up to 500 and bulk. 
Why not cut first and actually benefit from the test after 
Cut before dude. Theres no need to add anything to a cut besides good diet and cardio. The test will help mitigate the muscle loss yes, but its so much more worth it to just use it in a bulk after you cut.
Trt dose test would stave off any kind of muscle loss on a long cut tho
Yea but if this guy can't get hos bf under control he shouldn't be using
How much were you eating on the cut out of curiosity?
About 500 under maintenance plus cardio towards the end of the regular cut, 1000 under plus cardio, Carbs post workout only
I started at 20 bUT I put on muscle so fast I gained a bit but lost some fat  And you are a masochist I did a suicide cut for a week before I called it quits ug that was so bad
Lol yea man it was horrible but in my head it was just the whole " this hirts so gainz are coming"
Not really, I've done both a few times
YES
It caused me to go from e3.5d to every other day now (i just reduced my doses since i run long esters), my acne has improved A LOT, and it came months after being on aswell with no dietary changes etc.
Just from a hormonal stability standpoint id say yes. Probably wouldnt effect gains much
What dosage? The more you are doing, the more you're going to feel the difference between the peaks and troughs. At TRT doses once a week is fine. 
plot that on steroidcalc and you'll see the difference  a better steady state concentration means you're getting more benefits from having blood levels high enough at all times, while also avoiding peaks in concentration from injecting lower doses more frequently. Less sides, feeling better etc. Full win-win. If you wanna inject weekly do test U
Twice a week all the way dude. If your skeptical just plot and visualise the difference between E7D and E3.5D on steroidcalc.
I mean, the half life is only 4-5 days. Your blood concentration is gonna swing from really really high, to really really low. 
It's 7 days...
Ya man,  much more consistent levels. 
Oh, I some how miss read that lol. Yeah I still wouldn't be too keen on using both of those at once
I know AI does is a highly individual thing but how much adex would be a good starting point on 600 mg testE/w and some dbol (not sure about the dose yet but nothing crazy) ?
.5mg ed
danke
I'm thinking about starting my first cycle ever.  Been told that Tren changes your facial looks, am scared of that.  What else would be as good to do your first cycle with?
Trust me doing tren your first cycle will make you disappointed in any cycle without it cept maybe trest
So true, there's a reason why tren is love, tren is life...
test P as a kickstart, test E, asin, you're set
Oh btw I saw your post. The majority of facial changes are believed to be due more to HGH, but "tren jaw" is a thing as well. Pretty sure its more due to tren's fat-burning effect than anything though. Also, "moon face" with compounds that bloat you, like deca, but that is temporary.  The only thing that mught permanently change your bone structure is HGH. 
Read the wiki. 
Wouldn't recommend tren for first cycle, just test will do wonders. Save that shit till you need it 
If i do a 12 week cycle with test, can i take pills? I don't wanna inject my first cycle  Is it A LOT worse?
No you don't. Oral trest, oral test u. There's a couple ways to get around it, they're just more annoying, and considerably more expensive, than actually injecting. 
Read the wiki at r/steroids.   A first cycle is testoesterone only maybe an oral kickstart if you want. 
Why are you running such a low dose of eq? Just wondering 
TIL I don't read good. Thanks m9
No test e is nearly the same as test c. Just continue with 300mg/wk. Curious about your results on such a low dosage for both eq/test?
shoulders are poppin now 
Well after you draw with the 21g, cap it and pull it back into the syringe a little further to get what was in the needle. Then, swap your needle and push the oil to the top of the syringe, just before where the needle connects, have a small air bubble there, turn it over or sideways and push it up to the needle. Now when you inject, that little air bubble will help push the last little bit out from the syringe/needle.
I find having around 2cc air gets the most out
All syringes/needles will have a 'dead volume', that little bit of volume that gets left behind. It'll be less with higher quality/more expensive syringes and needles. 
I've been short almost a half ml each bottle due to what's left in the threaded area
Different needle to needle. My 25g BD needles the volume lost is .07mL so every 15 I lose about a mL. You can draw a bit of air in at the end of the syringe so that all the liquid is expelled and you don't lose any oil to the needle. 
Draw up an air bubble. This will purge all the oil out of the drawn needle.   Then eject a little oil to lube the injection needle.   Then draw a new small air bubble (0.3ml).  Tap to get the air behind the oil,  the bubble will push out all the oil.  It's not large enough to cause an embolism.  Source GF nurse.  
Can I mix test and tren e in the same syringe?
Um. Yeah
Remove the source man
Lmao why would the source have mattered? Hahaha seems like a weird question to include his source
You can draw multiple compounds in the same syringe.
Ok thank u very much
what would be the best between  tren e 200mg a week / 25 weeks  tren e 400mg a week / 12 weeks  deca 600mg a week / 25 weeks
have you ever run tren? GL making it to 25 weeks on it
Why are you completely ignoring the fact that it'd average out to 22mg a day?
Why are you assuming this and why do you think the average/day is all that matters?  Also, trying again - have you even run Tren?
nevermind
Hard to answer to a simple Q
no point in talking to you if you think doses don't affect sides
you're a real fucktard, aren't you, mr Medical Professional? As a phD in pharmacy I fail to comprehend how hard it is to share your experience using Tren. The answer to my question is 1) YES or 2)NO. It seems clear that you have none though.
You're acting like a little kid. "I'M A PHD IN PHARMACY I DESERVE AN ANSWER TO MY IRRELEVANT QUESTION AND I'LL BITCH AT YOU UNTIL YOU ANSWER"
Your known (or in this case,unknown) sensitivity to a drug makes my question absolutely relevant. Not sure I'm the little kid here.  Since you're obviously a tren noob, try to make it to 25 weeks with any dose and report back since all you seem to think that matters with drugs is the steady state concentration. As if it were therapeutic injectables we are talking about. Funny dude.
Aha here you ate getting downvoted, probably by people who haven't used tren.. 25wks would be no joke. I tried 400e for 20wks (got to 16) before I had to stop, my kidneys weren't holding up to well fromall the tren judging by my blood work...  25wks would be silly. 400 for 12wks should be fine.
There will be pain and itchiness and tenderness trust me lol
Test tren eq is a solid recomp stack IMO. I did it as my second blast. 500/400/600 test/trenE/Eq.  Tried bulking but ended up reconpin over 20wks... You'll love it. But be prepared to go your test cause I think eq was causing my dick problems with such low test ( 250 was the original planned test dose and started getting issues around wk 8 which is when eq starts to get going a little.)
Bump that EQ way up.
I don't think I'll run eq anytime in the near future tbh...
Yeah it's kind of run of the mill. It works, but not crazy changes like tren. But if you have it/can get it cheap, I see no reason why not to blast the hell out of it. 
Low would be 250ish, 400 is a regular dose, tren will help
It's e, so it's going to be about as effective as 350mg tren a, which is the lower side of the scale. But it guess it's more moderate 
Nooby question here that could probably be googled but I'd rather get it from the horse's mouth. Orals vs Injectables? Am I wasting my time with orals and a PH for pct? I haven't started yet but looking around, not a huge fan of the idea of needles but.. I guess that's where everyone started? (Not a young'n) 
Thanks friendly buddy.
Oral steroids are great, what are you thinking about taking? And what on earth does a PH for pct mean?
Your friend sounds like he wants you to be all kinfo if fucked up 
Advice taken, but explain why that sort of stuff would fuck you up? 
Well none of that first group of stuff actually does anything because they aren't actually steroids and a prohormone for pct does the opposite of what pct is intended for. Actual Oct meds like nolva and clomid are meant to restart you bodies HPTA and try to make its own testosterone again prohormone are designer steroids, like sdrol and do what oral steroids like dbol, sdrol and tbol do and provide exogenous test so you'd just be shutting yourself down more and potentially getting gynocomastia among other high estro symptoms
No, all of that is absolutely trash. Do none of it and put in some time to do a lot of research about steroids and pct 
Wellp can do. 
Just another IFBB pro show i think
Good question. Not much info on it yet but i assume itll be a qualifier. Thats like having 2 superbowls
It's an IFBB show just like any other. The name was chosen for marketing reasons like the countless 'Olympia amateur' competitions. 
Its a pro event, and will also have amatuer competitions like mens physique, bodybuilding and figure but only for Amatuer German athletes. 
So longer is better?
muscle belly matters too. Look at how thin Kai's are while Phil's look full
Great picture. Phils upper body destroys Kai
Why are you here? 
Funny
In most poses
Kai's head looks photoshopped on
Best possible response 
Certainly that first photo is photoshopped?
MARC LOBLINER. 
Perfect example.  Decent biceps, no triceps, creating "no arms" chirp.  
Wtf is on his shoulder
looks like a scar
Traps
Understandable, but why would you post bicep heavy poses and talk about shit triceps? Has he never done a side tricep pose? 
Which arm would you rather have because doesn't the right have bad bicep insertion?
Yes it does. I would definitely take (left) a bad tricep insertion over a bad bicep insertion.
Hmm not so sure about this one. I feel the triceps is much more "important" when it comes to creating an illusion of big arms. If the bicep is short you can atleast get a somehow peak on it
Yeah, with short bicep insertions you can build a peak that still looks pretty good, with bad triceps insertions your arms look much smaller overall. Plus you can build your forearms to help out your bad bicep insertions but there isn't much you can do for poor tricep insertions.
True, in a t shirt you will be forever small
Fuck me my bicep is the one on the right and my tricep is the one on the left. 
same, just my triceps is more shitty than in that pic  kill me
Same. If my shirt sleeve is too long it looks like I have DYEL arms.
Get them forearms huge as fuck. Only solution ive found out. Get the brachialis and the whole forearm huge as fuck and its suddenly starts to look freakish in a good way. 
Well we don't really know if he has bad tricep insertions because we can't see his triceps
Whooosshhh..
What an idiot, if we were mirrorin we would've the same, why would we be jealous???
Is that even possible?
Well, if they're 5'0 tall males, that's impressive
Lmao TIL I was a pro bodybuilder at 17. 
Wow I misread that. I thought one guy was 72kg and the other guy was 105kg. Who the hell are these "pros"
TIL I am a pro bodybuilder 
4 weeks? Really?
Hahahah
"pro bodybuilders" that weigh 72 kg, 1 RM 105kg bench and are being drug tested ayy lmao
I train cause I enjoy it. You tell me 2 of my session every week don't do shit for me I would not give a fuck and still train 6 days a week
Uhh. Thats not what theyre saying. Theyre saying if you do the same volume in 4 days as you would 6, it would yield the same results. The time spent would equal out as well, since doing that extra volume 2 days less a week means you're in the gym longer on those days.
Yeah but I like working out 6 days a week.
not that hard to believe. Just think about all the time and energy you put into doing bicep curls. Then look at how much bigger your bicep is than it was 6 months ago, if at all. And most of that growth is dictated by diet.  
These comments are shit lol. 
I work 3 days a row and workout 4 days in a row and I'm still making progress/keeping gains if it's relevant 
I mean it literally is relevant to the study, even if it is anecdotal. 
It wasn't a controlled experiment so while it may be relevant to the subject it is not to the study.
I bet you're fun at parties
It is a big surprise to some people because everyone talks about how important rest is. One case has more rest days than the other, so not quite the same as your math equation. 
I wouldn't say "very iffy" more just like not perfect.   I highly doubt any of these dudes are gonna enter the program then cheat with designer steroids that are pretty ridiculously expensive and also very hard to get your hands on. 
You don't need designer steroids to pass that test, you just need to keep testosterone in physiological ranges and you can blast to the moon with anything else besides nandrolone because chances are they use the cheapest test and it detects nandrolone as testosterone for whatever reason.   I get what you mean though, there is no real reason to use AAS during a study like this and I doubt they even knew how they would be tested. It's just a hole in the study's design that might reflect the rest of the study.  
Yeah the total amount of work done is about equal here is it not?  I think people are taking this to imply you can just chop out two days and achieve the same results.  But you'd need to add that lost time on to your gym days.  That said, who can manage a 60-70 minute session these days? Seems like you'd be in a rush.
Equal volume... no shit
What I don't understand is how to create a program from this workout. Like how do you know what exercise to do for chest sinxe there are so many ... If you pick bench press barbell for chest does that mean the shoulder or back work that is chosen has to be specific due to bench flat vs incline bench?
Lol what?  You dont have to do every singe exercise there is for a muscle group, to get gains.  Why would your choice of chest exercises have any meaning in picking back or shoulder exercises?
You'd think since Dorian people would have worked out that Weider's high frequency thing is bullshit. A walking pharmacy with top tier genetics still needed 3-4 rest days per week for optimal growth and all these mouth-breathing natties think they can train more frequently. Then they swarm to forums to ask why their lifts are stalling, why they're getting injured and why they aren't growing.
This is both obvious and of no real scientific value
Colorizebot
Colorizebot  
Larry Scott also
That lighting makes it look full of synthol
How do they even do this
I'd say it's comparable but Arnold wins the comparison.
Poor bastard has the best bicep insertions AND the best chest of all time. Must suck to be him. 
His pecs didn't even make any fucking sense
They don't have to when you're that fucking big
The Austrian Oak is such a badass nickname. Gives me wood every time
So he had the best bis and best pecs genetics.  That's literally all one man could hope for.
He also had some sick lats, great cuts in his quads, great calves, and some pretty decent triceps.
Also best work ethic, recovery ability, doesn't aromatize hardly at all (seriously, he popped Dbol like candy and never developed gyno/high estro sides). Man was born to be a bodybuilder and built himself to become one of the GOAT's.
Where can we read more about this? 
Anywhere really. Stories of Arnold reaching into a pill bottle full of dbol and just popping um. Stories of him training with other pros and having them puke from exhaustion while lifting while he kept going. Tough to say whats myth/legend vs real but the stories probably are based on some truth.
Truths become meaningless when most of the greatest to ever do it still talk about you like you're a god. Add into it charm and work ethic, Arnold is the legit Most Interesting Man In The World meme.   Him and Anthony Bourdain. 
He is for sure the most interesting man in the world meme. Its going to be a tough day when he leaves this world behind to join the other dead bodybuilding legends on Mt. Olympus
Steve also has those insertions but it's Arnolds peak that is unique.
Calum's got those insertions too, but Arnold's peak is still better.
He has no definition even though hes pretty cut, unfortunate.
Yeah thats true, his muscles are bulky and just kinda melt into eachother.   Arnold was on another planet. 
whenever i see a post about some good biceps insertions,  i go and cry
If he had like any forearms that wouldn't look nearly as bad
You joke, but I basically am. I'll just go kill myself now.
shit... can that be fixed in anyway? poor dude
Don't worry, it can be fixed...    With a bottle of whiskey and a noose.
Is that luimarco?
Yes lmao
That's incredibly unfortunate. Wow.
more than his short biceps its the fact that they are huge compared to his non existent tricep,if his tricep was as big that d be different
It's like he has a tumor on each arm
Holy fucking shit I am crying 
He is that guy. Dont rub it in man
Not saluted on the daaayyyyllleeee
If you ate one of his biceps, you'd probably hit your protein macro for the week
It's called a T-Pose in computer graphics
Colorizebot
Thats pretty damn good
Thats a hell of a muscle belly
Im sorry, I feel really stupid but what does GOAT stand for?
G OAT   O AT   A T   T
You misspelled Biggie Smalls. 
You're right. They should sit more.
greatest of all time
It is an animal who lives mostly on green pastures. A horned mammal.
god damn it, I could have sworn I heard of an animal like that before, just could not put it in context
God damn this is beautiful. 
My hands don't work that way. Either my bicep is facing up or the back of my hand is, can't do both
Try locking your shoulders
Nope, physically impossible for me. Bad genetics strikes again I suppose
Dude in the thong is just straight up EuroMirin.
What does GOAT mean? God Of All Things?
Greatest Of All Time
Those arms should be posted in r/guns 
That's not a picture of me
Why are imgur comments cancer?
"She probably has a penis" I think this guy thought he was talking about "one-day out" of a wedding hahahah.
They weren't too bad this time to be fair, only one comment about penis size.
Lol, damn I haven't even noticed or looked at them yet...I suppose I shouldn't, lest I become irrationally angry...
They hate us cause they anus
Jesus and I start reaching for the nachos when I have a bad week.   I got some growing up to do.
Solid body. Those veins man...  But really weird legs angle...?
Haha, trying to get under good lighting with selfies so my friend doing my peak week protocol could get a good look.
That was to show dryness while avoiding showing the shape. Dude has a great upper body, but strange looking legs.
Ur gonna look crazy carbed up
Full of carbs actually, never depleted.  The IFBB pro doing my peak week had it set this way
Oh shit you have a pro coach? Ur probably set man. And honestly im glad ur carbed up. I felt really bad about myself for a minute lol. You look great
Have you started carbing yet?
Yeah, actually never depleted -- the IFBB pro doing my peak week protocol declared it hahaha
Just realized '407'  and you're competing today, guessing you're doing southeastern USA?
Abs on point with great symmetry and no separation. You look awesome buddy.   Time to get full.  You should already be proud of yourself for handling life chaos. Hope you do great
thicc as fuck
imgur
"I'll just assume there's a competition tomorrow? If so, best of luck. EmmitWest" 3 Points 19 Hours  Wow, imgur for once showing some decency. 
All the best to you, my friend. Sounds like 2016 hasn't exactly been your year.   Here's to  saying fuck that and making it your year anyway. Cheers, brother. 
Good luck bro, let us know how you did
Those proportions tho
Lats of our Lord.
one day out from my steroid competition
Shut the fuck up. 
Yup. There are what, three of the common supps that have okay science behind them? Everything else is there for suckers to pay cash money for. 
What are the three or so with sound science behind them?
Yohimbine works, but it's got a hell of a lot of sides for the benefits you get. 
I'd have said vitamin D and magnesium as well
Haven't seen anything that says magnesium does shit unless you're deficient. Also notoriously hard to supplement due to poor absorption afaik. Vit D is pretty solid but highly unnecessary as a supplement. Spend a half hour outside if it isn't winter.
As far as I've been able to gather, citrulline malate is promising-ish, creatine is pretty well established, and caffeine will jack you up for a workout.   
Thanks mate
Creative mono and caffeine are about as definitive a yes as it gets right now. Anything else I can think of that really for sure does something is either illegal (think juice) or at least FDA regulated (think ephedrine, 1,3-Dmaa, etc.)
Ephedrine isn't illegal in Canada. Only in America bc you guys are terrified of any form of drug lol. Whey is also researched   there are benefits to whey shakes. Fish oil pills is heavily researched. There is some small evidence thst citrulline malate provides a pump but as for its effectiveness in gaining mass I wouldn't suggest that one yet. Creatine , caffeine, fish oil, whey are all def solid
lol nah bruh it's because it's a hardcore stimulant which has killed people in the past. It's legal to buy you just have to sign for it. They made it illegal to sell as a supplement though
Where do you have to sign for it? Not in Canada. I can literally pop over to the health store and buy a bottle for 8 bucks for 50tabs. It's a stimulant sure but not that hardcore. 
It's illegal for sale in supplements in the states and canada because once upon a time it was sold in fat burners as part of proprietary blends and people didn't know how much they were taking and took way too much and died. 
It's illegal to sell in Canada as a fat burner.  To sell it as a nasal decongestant is another thing all together.
You missed what I was getting at. It's illegal as an ingredient in supplements in Canada and the states because when it's part of supplements people take too much and die. Sort of like DMAA could still be bought in bulk but not as part of a pwo for a while now. Americans can still pick up bronkaid OTC without a prescription. 
Thx bb
Dmaa just got legalized boiii we back on that train
no way? sauce?
it's not legal, it's just not illegal.  The ban is on hold until the lawsuits are settled, allowing it to still be sold in sports supplements.
Prime nutrition / blackstone labs / pj Braun. Google 'John Meadows prime nutrition scam' 
From what I've heard blackstone is a great company? Plus PJ is no longer affiliated with prime nutrition I'm pretty sure.
Fixed
Aaron isn't. Pj still runs Blackstone, prime and redcon. Either way, their CEOs knew about mislabeling and didn't do shit about it
Wait no as of September 28, PJ transferred his shares and resigned as CEO of prime nutrition. And I thought Aaron was the one with redcon.
Hmm idk. Maybe it was prime that Aaron was fired from but held shares still
That's probably it. I know for a fact he owns redcon so that makes sense.
My b but yeah it's still shitty
Pee Jay Pyjamas 
Probably Jym 2. Gethin is (was?) employed by bb dot com and they had a fallout with PhD Dr Jim Stoppani  Jim Stoppani had a big fallout with bb dot com because - according to him - they swindled him and took his product from him. So he made Jym 2 and sells them at GNC 
Source or just guessing?
Jim Stoppani made a video explaining yhe 2nd part. I have no idea if this is who Gethin is talking about but I would think its a pretty decent guess as he's an employee of bb dot com and all supps are pretty much bs anyway. Its eassy ti say any company is full of shit
I'd like to see if his Jym2 is less shit. Jym was a bunch of label and marketing junk food
Idk I never tried it
I've been using his Jym 2 white chocolate raspberry, tastes a little odd but seems pretty good so far. He advertises all the different types of proteins it has, not sure how much of a difference they make...
Negligible 
That's what I thought. Gonna go back to MyProtein after this. 
I dunno. Muscleoharm and mutant mass and ON shakes have always gotten good percentages of protein content. Even if it only has 60 percent the whey protein is still helping you hit your macro. Personally I think whey. Creatine , ephedrine as appetite suppressant and fish oils work
They are all fucking junk. People taking steroids telling idiots they took only supplements.
You mean i'm drinking this green tea shit for no reason? shiiiiiiiit
You could buy a decent cycle for the cost of the full MuscleTech lineup.
Ya and you get one thing supplements never give you.... RESULTS
Son you could buy a descent cycle for the cost of like 2 or 3 things from muscletech.
Ok daughter
Man, ten weeks of test E for 50 bucks, asin and nolva for like 60 bucks, pins and alcohol wipes for like 20.  Sure I'm not factoring in the price of bloods in there, but you can get ten weeks of test E 500/wk for like 150 bucks.
10 weeks of test E is hardly worth dealing with shutdown and PCT for but I see your point
If you had any sense of reading comprehension you'd realize I didn't say it was useless, simply that for me personally it wouldn't even be worth cycling for me and going through the trouble of PCT and HcG. And yes, lower dosages of test is great for cutting because your body will shut its natural production down during a deficit. I've never been a fan of high test dosages in general, not worth the sides.
Honestly, I stopped taking you seriously as soon as you started to act like a dick. If you want to edit your post and talk like an adult I'll finish reading it, otherwise have a great day. 
some people are good at dishing out talking-downs, but not taking it.
Eh, it was my first cycle and a lot of people do it as their first.  Gained about 20 pounds that I kept after PCT.  Yeah, it wasn't ideal, but I was mainly just saying steroids are not as expensive as a lot of people think, and also muscletech supplements are mad overpriced.
Aren't they all scams? 
It's so sad people that just start getting into lifting and look at "goal" bodies idols that talk about using "this brand of supplements"  for best results.
"Wudder"   That NJ/Philly accent is the worst 
Is one serving really 4 scoops? 
What a sharky lil shit, it actually embarrasses me that I used to fall for this shit until I started to do my research. 
I should send you a screen-shot of /r/supplements mod-log.  There are literally thousands of scam supplements and sup companies active at any given time.  Many are the same few people, switching brand names to keep the scam fresh.
REDCON? the only new company I can think of
Probably not as relevant to this, but didn't they sponsor Dallas McCarver for a while, or am I mixing things up?   
IIRC they just picked him up.
They are sponsoring him.
I've been using Optimum Nutrition and BSN products for years. I doubt they're scams.
I mean... maybe not anymore? Remember that whole CEM3 debacle?
dude all you need is PLAZMA and MAG-10 
Everything endorsed/sold by t-nation is the biggest scam
Lol one of the instagram comments "company founded in 2014, and you were using it in the 90s fucking time-travelling wizard"
Yes but the ingredients/product has been around forever, this isn't news. If you watch Ronnie's old videos from the VMD show days he use to talk about the benefits of concentrates.
Nice try Ronnie...
Concentrates? Isn't that what Hitler used?
Ann frankly, I did nazi that coming.
Now that's an oldie
Nah we call that meth
I also enjoy historically accurate but not widely acknowledged tidbits. 
LMFAO
Never go full sellout...
I would never buy anything from Ronnie Coleman or endorsed by Ronnie Coleman. He's a great bodybuilder and motivated as fuck, but the guy is a genuine meathead and clearly just looks at dollar signs. I am content in not being a sucker.
He also graduated from business with honors iirc. Dudes all about the money 
The man has medical bills to pay. Can't blame him. 
Yeah Buddy is actually some powerful shit, not sure if it's got anything else besides caffeine in it tho
Cocaine
Parts of Ronnie's bones that they removed in his surgeries 
Soylent Ronnie
busted
Ruined all three of my favorite phrases in one shot
"Evvybody wanna be a bodybuilder, but don't nobody wanna rub no Shrink Toning cream"
laughed out loud
I released a few light chuckles 
You could see the man trying not to laugh at that point. Like he had to really concentrate on the dollar signs.
creams don't tighten skin, regardless. both are scams.
When you sell out, sell out with style.
I'd buy that lolol.
Whatever it takes.
IIRC he got super mad when his fans expressed doubt about this things efficacy.
sauce?
Just lather on some shrink toning creme
I remember seeing the YouTube video as well will try to find it, it was after his surgery
LOL
Wtf thats his wife? Daaaaamn
Christ he looks like shit there lil
"I used my wife to test on her. " THAT LITTLE BITCH AINT NUTHIN BUT A TEST TUBE PEANUT 
L.M.A.O
Amazon product website reads "It literally targets adipose tissue where it is applied".   You literally should never buy a medical product that uses literally in its description.
Does the United States not have more stringent regulations against making false claims about a  products efficacy? He needs to be silenced.
Only if it's a drug or food. This is a "beauty supplement." All you need is a little bit of script somewhere on the package that says "these statements were not verified by the FDA" and you're golden.  Also add in some weasel words. "It helps to promote..." "...with a proper diet and exercise routine", etc.
Speaking as a chemist, this would only make sense if the lotion was corrosive.   And looking at the ingredients, it shouldn't be corrosive. There are substances present that can help with muscle recovery, but I don't see how this can facilitate fat burning as a lotion.   There are a few substances present that can draw out water from the skin, however. This could possibly give the illusion of lower bodyfat in an area. 
Theophylline and Aminopylline both have been studied and found to have positive effects burning fat on the area of application.
This formula is most certainly junk.
So that's how my dick got so small...
You got a fat dick bro?
Yeah, don't get it mixed up with the lotion. 
That's depressing. He was the king. 
He looks like crap right now too.  Be butt hurt all you want it's the truth. If it was Jeff I was talking about nobody would care. 
That stomach...
His biceps veins are bigger than his triceps... 
Yeah...wtf? I realize he's used who knows what substances and sustained several serious injuries and surgeries, but he looks like a half-empty toothpaste.
LMFAO 
It's called getting old. It will happen to you too, unless you use Shrink Toning cream.
Look at his age, and how he looks, and the fact that he had so many surgeries he should be laying in the bed forever, but he still keeps grinding and working out till he dies. Thats just dedication.
He still looks like crap today. 
Lol salty downvotes can't handle the truth 
Lol salty downvotes can't handle the truth 
His 'dedication' is why he  needed all those surgeries. 
...And is the reason you know who he is and how he generated his money.
I'd rather be broke than be paralyzed. 
And that is why no one will remember your name. 
I'm sure Ronny would rather be forgotten with a functioning body than be a broken idol. 
Not sure where you get that notion. He continues daily to act and speak contrary to it. 
And he'll be broke.
I'll be richer than mosty bodybuilders, they have a short shitty career and shitty long term health. 
No one will remember yours too. Why do you care?
Was. Damn he went downhill
Saw this early, fucking heartbraking man. Like watching a loved one die. Lack of respect for his fans and lack of pride overall. Sad to see him become a sellout.
Oh, I kept laughing through. I thought it was a joke and he was being sarcastic. Feels bad man. 
"You may feel a slight sting. That's pride fucking with you. Fuck pride. Pride only hurts, it never helps."
What does Ronnie Coleman look like? 
MORE TONE WITH HIS SHRINK TONING LOTION AVAILABLE ON AMAZON
HE EVEN TRIED IT ON HIS WIFE BUT HE USED TOO MUCH AND NOW NOBODY CAN FIND HER 
Virtually all Celebs do that, there's nothing wrong with it.  Conventions are how people make money,  and if they didn't charge, the lines would be absurd.    
I got a free photo with him in 2014
gotta make a living somehow
Yea at the TO pro he went to a gym that my friend works at and when my friend asked him to sign his belt he said "i dont do that shit". Dick move
Yeah, typical celebrity story. I remember everyone saying how awesome Ronnie was but when I met him a few years ago he was kinda a dick. I assumed he was just in a lot of pain from surgeries and his fucked up body.
Probably was fine til he made 'the unbelievable'  back in 98 or 99.    Then everyone would come up to him saying light weight,  or whatever other catch phrase.   I could see how that could eventually turn one into a bit of a dick
My coach met him in my hometown when he won his qualifier to the first Olympia that he won. Said he was nice up until he won the O, he became a dick after 
probably has tons of debt from medical treatments  
Interesting point. Before ACA (obamacare) I wonder if bodybuilders could even get insurance... and now they're probably relegated to pretty bad plans.  
Lou Ferrigno has always done this. And has always had a terrible rep for doing so. 
Yeah Lou was on one of my local radio shows and he charged one of the hosts who interviewed him on air for a photo.
Are you fucking kidding??  Lol. Sad. 
Lou has always been fuckin weird
Yeah he's more of an asshole than a weirdo, I've met a lot of nice weird people.
He came to our Gold's Gym grand opening in Largo Md and charged money to take pictures.   Like dude really.
Seriously? That's disappointing. Jay Cutler came to our local gym and was such a nice guy. He was even answering questions guys had about certain lifts, form, etc. I gained a ton of respect for him that day. Also got to meet Kai Greene who is also really down to earth. 
This thing with Ronnie charging for photos must be new, I met him here in Iceland where he came for a expo 3 years ago.   He trained almost everyday at my gym while he was here and never turned a fan down or charged for a photo. Also getting a photo with him at the expo was free.
He's probably just getting old and cranky   Getting cut open by doctors continuously could have a major effect as well
Jay is also puttin out some quality content on youtube,like he doesn't really have to,he's probably the richest bodybuilder
Nah. He's number 4. Arnold is number 1 obviously. Gaspari is 2, and Weider is 3. Ronnie is number 5.
He also snap chats ALOT. proving he's signing the shit he's sending out. always hanging with his crew and stuff. 
Whats his snapchat?
He clowns on Victor so hard sometimes, I feel bad lol
Victor is living the life. He lives in Jays guest house, it looks really, really nice 
He only does that shit cause you're foreign. He never charges here in the states 
That's alright then, as long as he's only a dick to foreigners
yeah man fuck those guys with weird accents, what's next an Austrian GOAT BBer? Omelette du fromage? C'mon
I think Jay managed his finances much smarter than Ronnie and his health  and his appearance...
I recently looked up bodybuilders net worths. Jay was number 4 at 30 million, but Ronnie was number 5 at 10 million. He hasn't been too dumb with his money apparently. 
Don't knock the hustle
Seemed to me like he was implying that he needs the money because of bad managing of his money, but if you say so.
A ten million dollar net worth is really good.  A ten million dollar net worth with his medical needs and the assets he possesses? He's practically bankrupt. 
These sites can also be super inaccurate. It could be way higher or lower than it says here.  I love Ronnie but he's never struck me as someone who would be really really good with money
Dissapointed in you Ronnie.
Ronnies body looks wildly disturbing now lol... and he's begun to sellout, he couldn't have done the normal thing and made a grill or something to sell
Peanut farmer.
He must have been rubbing it on his head to kill off his brain cells in order to become idiotic enough to promote this. What an ass..... 
This had me rolling... 
"Ahh this shit ain't rubbing in, better give up and hide my shame with a weight belt."
It puts the lotion on its skin or it gets the hose again.
He must also eat the lotion to reduce his appetite while cutting
Ain't nothing but a waste of money
anybody wanna speculate what Ronnie said when that shit didn't rub into his skin completely and the video ended?  
Save yourself some cash and buy Preperation H, same active ingredient.
isnt prep H cheaper and actually scientifically proven? 
I doubt he used this when he was winning Mr Olympia
Wat
What are we calling his state? Jacked-fat?  He's got the muscles but his body is just refusing to make them look good.
That's called hgh gut
Guys, there's a chance the dude literally doesn't realise it truly doesn't help. He's not very educated, is he? I mean, if you throw a thousand things at a lever to make it work (his body), and it does work (he wins shit), he might not get that half of those items were redundant? He might just be.. slightly stupid?
Except he graduated with honors. He's no idiot 
He has an accounting degree. Not that a degree makes him Einstein.. But Ronnie knows better than this 
Agreed bro, it's not like the company is paying him to advertise their stuff.
Well there goes the respect of a legend. 
Why is he out of breath from rubbing lotion on his stomach?
How the great have fallen.
I wonder where hes chicken rice and BBQ sauce went...
Wow, caffeinated topical cream, what a revolutionary idea that totally hasn't been around for decades.
Fitness consumers will buy anything though. I bet Phil Heath could sell eye drops that boost your natural T and GH levels because your eyes are closest to your pituitary glad. Yes they would sell. 
Met him a couple months back over here in Canada. He's in rough shape.
This is sad. I wonder if he's a little embarrassed about this
Cardio? You guys are right, this guys putting us on. 
You better listen to Ronnie now. He knows a thing or two.
This got damn snake oil salesman.
Could pull off some great whiteface with that.  Just a Halloween idea 
Oh Ronnie, you beautiful idiot
I don't care what y'all say, I still love this man 
There's an old trick recruiters use to get recruits in who are over weight and don't pass tape by a few inches.   Preparation H or ben gay or what ever, depends on who you ask, on your stomach wrap it in saran wrap and hit cardio or sleep like that.   It's supposed to suck the moisture out of the skin. 
Doesn't he have nine kids to feed?
This is the worst kind of shit, honestly, new aspiring bodybuilders entering the scene have to bob and weave useless products like this that lie and will do little more then take money out of there wallets.
Unfollowed on every social media. What the fuck happened to Ronnie? Is he really that broke mentally and financially that he has to try and sell bunch of this bullshit that clearly does nothing for you? Smh.
Hate fuckers lie to the people who follow them and look up to them just like that, for a bit of cash. 
His biceps have almost dissolved/disappeared.
This is both sad and hilarious to an epic degree. 
Holy shit he looks like a deflated balloon. Guess he doesn't work out like he used to...
Srsly, this just makes me sad. This smile which says something like "oh man, gotta do what you gotta do" 
Im not convinced Ronnie is pushing this garbage out of malice, I think he's just does it out of ignorance (or stupidity, but I'll give him the benefit of doubt).
It's strictly business
Yes but Im not convinced Ronnie is pushing this garbage out of malice, I think he's just does it out of ignorance (or stupidity, but I'll give him the benefit of doubt).
It's strictly business
Yes but Im not convinced Ronnie is pushing this garbage out of malice, I think he's just does it out of ignorance (or stupidity, but I'll give him the benefit of doubt).
He propably put too much of that into his head.
gotta pay dem children's allowance somehow
Isn't he being sarcastic?
That's what I thought. I thought he was just joking around.
No, sadly not.  He's shilling (poorly) for shrinktoning.com.  Hope he made that mortgage payment.
Pretty sure it's actually the steroids.
His actual real secret is tons of hgh and Trenbolone paired with ungodly BBC genetics 
They actually analyzed his DNA and it was determined he had a certain gene that facilitated glycogen to muscle growth rather than fat cells and at a rate much higher than average, similar to the effects of steroids. 
Dude, what is up with these comments? You're disappointed in him? It's depressing? Dude's just trying to make a living after working in a very age restricted profession. You're giving Ronnie shit for hocking some BS cream, but constantly rooting the guy who used to fuck grapefruits to win Mr. Olympia. Fuck outta here.   
Literally every leg day my dick, shriveled from the preworkout I took, just pokes straight out, so I look like I have a tiny boner in my shorts during squats. Awkward.  Also, I don't know if it's just my lack of cardio, but sets of 8-10 on squats are killer. Like someone here said, I end up wanting to increase the weight faster than I should so I can justify lower reps.
no. ur gonna die, friend
Props bro
Your gonna be like that Asian bro someone was talking about in a dd a week ago except he did forever squats 
I just spent the night in the ER from continuing to work out with strep throat. Doing so made the infection spread a bit and put some fluid in my ribs and potentially heart.  The only cure in bed rest, so it's not the biggest deal...but yeah, don't continue to lift sick. It's a mistake. I got out of the gym and had some bad pain in chest...I'll probably need to take a week off at least now.
I'm down with same thing. Worked out hard for a week while feeling unusually tired. Went to doctor after throat swelled turns out had strep for who knows how long and now dead in bed.
Why why why the fuck would you lift with strep throat? Hope you learned your lesson.  It baffles my mind when people fall ill and can't be assed out to take a few days to a week off from the gym to let their bodies heal. 
There is nothing wrong with working out during a regular upper respiratory tract infection, aside from needing to make sure you don't spread it to anyone else. There is even the argument that the increased lymphatic drainage resulting from all the movement can help you recover faster.   Strep is unusual in that it can lead to other systemic problems due to the resemblance between its antigens and certain proteins within our body. However, working out with a strep infection is not going to cause those problems on its own. 
I miss being in elementary/middle/high school. I really took for granted all the good times. Never thought they would end and slowly my friends have moved to different areas, developed new friend groups and begun their professional lives while I'm here still working on a degree and hitting the gym. I occasionally see the old group but it's becoming fewer and farther between.  Enjoy it while you can guys
Just graduated last May, definitely is starting to feel real now, as all my friends are in college and I'm just working trying to save up money. As much as I hated it at the time, I loved high school because of its lack of responsibilities I had. I feel you man. 
I loved highschool. Everyone I know is in debt and has houses and kids. I'm just sitting here trying to finish my PhD.
Mate when schools over, thats when the good times really start - but its your own responsibility to make it happen fam
I'm realizing I need to get out and do more things on my own
Wondering how people can get sick results in 3-4 months and it takes me much longer to see real progress.  They're probably more dedicated than me or something
Steroids, diet, dedication, muscle memory. It could be a combination of all those things that allow people to see results more quickly.
Hey man. Just to warn you on the DXM, that shit will definitely fuck your brain up. I used to binge on triple Cs and delsym when I was in high school and I really think it contributed to some of the issues I have today. Sure, those 3rd plat trips are pretty tight and the mind-bending intensity of dissociation is something I'll never forget, but it wasn't worth it. Derealization and depersonalization are not fun, and I am very certain that DXM damaged my brain.
Did you pee on her to assert dominance and mark your territory against other gym bros?
Damn, wish my gym had a hot grill. Intraworkout burgers would be rad.
Been trying keto for 3 weeks so far and the cut has been going well. Steaks for days. Would recommend 8/8 m8  
Told myself I would do 10x10 of abs every other day. So far I've stuck to it. On day 2 hahahaha 
Removing the 1's gets you pretty close to my ab workout.
Alas bros, I feel as if I never push myself hard enough...  Even after a 2 hour long workout full of set failures and heavy supersets, I want to continue. It's like the bigger the pump the more I get pumped to continue working out. No, it is not the most efficient path to strength but I just FUCKING love working out. If I had unlimited time I'd hit abs, calves, and rear delts every day. I'd do twice the sets for everything. I'd do like every possible accessory.  I am not even 2 years in to training seriously, so perhaps this will fade, unfortunately. But then maybe I will be satisfied with my workouts.
I feel the same way but at a certain point you have to realize you're getting diminishing returns for the time you're putting in to the actual training part. That extra time is probably better served eating or sleeping or just doing something else. I personally force myself to leave the gym if I'm there for 2 and a half hours, because clearly I'm not being efficient with my time. 
All my sessions go to about 2 and a half hours including 10 minutes of cardio. But I think any more than that is a little excessive personally. 
Hope you guys kill your workouts today. 
Killed it. First time I benched 205x2. Actually hit 4 reps but the last two reps didn't have the bar touch my chest so I didn't count it. Running 2suns LP. It's got me stronger than I ever have ... Ya I know 205 on bench us nothing to be proud of but I was stuck at 165 for a year bc apparently gomad and ss was gonna get me past it. Fucking r / fit
You're telling me 45 reps of flat bench every 2 weeks isn't enough to build a big bench? /s
I've been on a bit of a DD hiatus. Work, family, life. Haven't been on a gym hiatus, though. This may get buried or missed but I've changed up how I approach my compounds, specifically squats. I'm no longer trying to hit a certain number of sets, or a certain weight, I'm after overall volume. For example, yesterday I did 10x10 at 155. 15,500 lbs. The DOMS are legit. The burn and pump during is legit. Next squat session I'll target 16,000. Then 16,500. Anyone else doing this? I like it so far. Except standing up from a chair. That I'm not so fond of.  
Yeah I've been doing this. I like it so much better and feel like it's way more effective. Leg day is a bitch though lol 
Fucking killer. On my second leg day I'm doing leg press and lots of accessory work and I think I'll do deads that day since I'm not squatting. 
Bro, if you divide out that total number, it just means you're doing 10x10 of 160 and then 165 lol.
Broke my ankle 3 months ago, lost 12 lbs while on crutches and in a cast. Gains are finally coming back even though I can't work legs yet. At least I have a legit excuse to skip leg day? Looks like it's pants only for a while.
Strangely people seem to think I've been getting bigger and bigger over the years even though my weight doesn't go up that much and I wear the same size shirts. idk lol
Looks like I'm getting break up gains boys. This one hurts. 
You'll be ok bro. Focus on lifts, friends and enjoy the extra cash and time you have now .
Thanks man. I appreciate it
Double postin today boys. I might be autistic with the grills but I deadlifted 455 today so I got that going for me
Shit jelly. I'm working my way to 4 plates. Almost there ...
Was just browsing some bb shows on youtube and came across Kai and Phil's "dispute" during the 2014 Olympia. Why wouldn't the judges step in and spread the competitors out a little more? What is your take of it? I also went from there to Ronnie and Cutler's Shoving match they had, but it seemed like that one didn't have any real aggression and was just done all in good fun. 
Rivalry is healthy and sells. Also at that time most of the decisions were made
Could touching the bar when spotting be a good physiological thing?   Like your not helping, but maybe the touching could make the bencher be like "oh he's helping.  This feels lighter"  and eventually they get the weight up by themselves?    (Idk anythingabout minds)
Oh I didn't even realize.  I even know they're two different words lol    As yeah I guess that's true
It's all good man, I still get them confused sometimes. Sometimes I do feel more confident if I have a spot, but I hate when people touch weight mid set unless I fail. 
It could be psychological. The mind is powerful. It could also be physical. Perhaps the tiny amount of force applied by the spotter is stabilizing to an extent that the force you're applying becomes more "efficient" (relative to the goal of completing the rep) and you're able to complete the rep despite the spotter seemingly applying almost no force. Could be both. Could depend on the situation. There's really know way to know for sure...
Rest days generally don't matter in terms of training . Take them as you need based on your schedule/how your body feels.
looking at that sub makes me feel so good about myself and hate women at the same time. Mostly because every top post is an actor/"model" that is skinny or DYEL aff
Shave it
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has no hair and women go nuts for him bro, commit to the shaved noggin
One less side. Ans just wear a hat lmfao. I ain't balding yet and I can't imagine the psychological. Pain but bro we all have something and we all want something we can't have. Younare probably a good dude. Bitches look past hair.
pull day today. was finishing up with some curls and noticed this shooting feeling when i got to the top of my curl towards lower end of my bicep/upper forearm. has anyone else had an issue like this? didn't necessarily hurt but it was definitely uncomfortable.
Ulnar nerve?
It feels more central in my arm than that
Does anyone else never talk in the gym, but instead point to something and look at people in a quizzical manner if they want to use something?
Mostly point quizzically, but that's because headphone usage is high.
Anybody got a juicy update about Guhmah and Nikki?? 
ya they broke up
She got blackout drunk while they were broken up the first time, fucked some dude, got all wishy-washy-bullshit-emotional-"omg did I really do that that isn't me" about it, told him she hadn't fucked anyone when they got back together (when he asked) because of the aforementioned wishy-washy bullshit, he found out, guess he broke up with her.
If that's what really happened then lol bc you know he'd been fucking grills left and right after the initial breakup.
Honestly why does it even matter?
Bruh, no need to be harsh. Just checking with my bros. I'm interested is all. These are the celebrities in my life. Let me have this. 
I feel that don't get me wrong but I feel as if I'm personally one of the only people who really couldn't care any less. I'm not here to shit on people's happiness. 
Well just back from the gym, failed.my 3plate squat attempt. Almost there tho, took 10kg and hit it for a double.  On the topic of legs, I'm going on holiday soon, to shave or not to shave my legs.
If u have veins or striations go for it. Take a 1 trimmer to them
I'm jelly. I am aiming for 2 plate bench , 3 plate squat and 4 plate deadlift by my birthday. Today hit 205 to two, yesterday 330 to 4 on dead and 270 to 3 on squat. So close. We are gonna make it man
Same goals as myself.
Learning to front squat is interesting. 
It took a lot of work to figure out front squatting.  My problem was that I always felt too forward, making almost any bar position unbalanced and uncomfortable.  I probably would of been okay if I had the balls to start at 2pl8 with no experience, as that weight would of been heavy enough to prevent rollout, but I struggled a lot with lesser weight until I got Adipowers.  The slight change in heel angle basically unlocked a much more natural position and completely fixed the grip problem.  I went from being barely able to do one rep to banging out 10x10 185-lbs within a day.  My current issue with front squats is that I get minor left lat/shoulder pain with heavier weight.  It seems to be a common problem so I suspect it will disappear eventually with more experience.
Just started a month ago I use wraps bc bad wrists . By my shoulders bruise badly from the weight of bar. It's a bitch. 
Jesus dude
My legs feel like spaghetti bro.
Meticulously meal prepped for the weekend since I'll be out of town for a conference. Each day had its own gallon sized ziploc, each meal was nicely sorted. Left it on the kitchen counter and forgot to pack it into my luggage. FML. 
this made my stomach hurt
Happens man. Sorry dude. Kill it. Or can the lady ship it?
Thanks bro. It ended up ok. Walked to a Walmart near the hotel and bought those prepackaged bags of tuna, almonds, and muscle milk. 
According to r/fitness apple cider vinegar is an effective preworkout. Can't say I've tried it, but not really planning on it either 
It's used for hydration purposes...not sure what else it'd do
Tastes good with rice
It also is an extremely effective wart remover.
supposedly also increases energy output? it's /r/fitness though so i mean...
Fuck them. Seriously. They got me fat as fuck off gomad. I should have never done that . Done all pro or just stuck with sl without gomad. Still trying to recoup from that decision today.
Update on study date girl.   She asked if she could bring a friend to study with us so I made some excuse as to why I couldn't go. Am I being friend zoned already?  How do I get my intentions across to her?
Ask her on a date and and not to study, or ask her on a date while you're studying. 
In the same situation as op, hopefully I can fight through the autism and ask her 
Was the friend a guy or a girl? There's a chance you missed out on an awesome opportunity here....
God, why do people pick up the weight when they're spotting you on bench? So aggravating.
cuz they suck at spotting
lol that's why I literally tell them don't touch the bar unless it starts going down
DNP'll do that to ya.
Just curious, how many sets does everyone here do per each muscle. I'm currently doing 12-15 sets for back, chest and shoulders and 6-9 for bis and triceps. Legs... uh I just do them occasionally
12-15x3 for everything. 
Per session I do 20-25 chest/shoulders, 15-20 back/legs, 15-20 arms. Train everything 2x per week
Wow that's a lot of volume. How long have you been training for? Are you natty?
Horrible leg doms and a soccer game tomorrow. What to do???
Epsom salt bath, light cycle/walk, and roll and stretch those babies
Username checks out
Nothing works bro.ppl will tell you salt baths and foam rolling but nothing will work. Light run warm up then just try and disconnect from the pain as you play.
I'll probably take a few aspirins and leave the rest to adrenaline
How many servings per container is there in a 2.2 lb pouch of myprotein Whey?     Whenever I look up nutritional labels it says that the servings per container is over 100 servings, and I don't really believe that...
Ah thanks bro
Poor fella lost his bike to alimony. Bet the bitch doesn't even ride, just took it to spite him...
Haven't been to the gym in over a week, been looking after a family member on EoL care. they died on tuesday and my diet has been awful, family keep coming over with nice food and after the shit I've seen this week I keep questioning whats the point in all of this. I really need to get back on the wagon but who's going to finish all these apple pies. 
Hey don't sweat it, you are probably grieving a few days or weeks won't matter in the long run
Not to be rude, but miss me with that r/fitness shit.  The point is to be swole/strong/aesthetic as fuck, and try as hard to maintain it as you can when not in optimal circumstances. You might follow this mentality, but most on this sub probably don't.  No h8 tho, m8.
Living a "higher quality of life "is not mutually exclusive to a bodybuilding lifestyle. I was actually arguing, in this sub, that our lifestyle brings a higher quality of life, and that sucking down pies for a week is not going to offset anyone's gains or health over the long term. So as I said before to the actual recipient, eat some pie for a bit, and then get back to it (the bodybuilding lifestyle).  Not everyone is a superhero with no emotion like you. Some people need to take a week of when something big happens in their life, like the death of a loved one. They won't lose all their gains in a week. 
Anyone have any tips for a best man speech?
Be genuine 
Thank you very much, I did a best man speech for a wedding a few years ago but it was like lighting in a bottle, I don't think I could conjur up something as good as then.  thanks again.
Let your inner autist out?
How does everyone cook their vegies while keeping the nutrients? Not sure if it's a myth but doesn't boiling it get rid of a lot of the nutrients. 
Microwave frozen shit. Pam a pan and sear it if fresh. Raw. Steam
Drink the nutrient enriched boil water problem solved.
Some of the nutrients are lost due to the heat, but in general loss of nutrients is overblown, cooked veggie are still pretty nutritious. And cooked/fried veggies are much easier to eat. 
I don't worry too much about escapee nutrients, but I steam my veggies on the stove top.
Hit an easy 355 on bench and nearly hit 365. I once hit 375 at 250 pounds in weight (at 6'1 for reference), and now I'm 215-220ish. Feels good. I want that fucking 405 bench
You know you've overbulked when you rip 3 of your pants. Maybe it's time I start having separate bulking and cutting clothes. Worst part is I'm planing on bulking until at least end of November.
just buy stretchy pants like the ones from american eagle
What happened with the manlet who tried to slide into her DMs?
I saw him leaving as I was coming in om tue. I was trying to get his attention but he just hurried to his car, I told his 'boy's' I wanna talk to him. Hopefully they tell him
Find some cooler friends ha. I'm 28 and majority of my friends are single, as am I. Hanging with nothing but couples sounds depressing 
Same bro I'm 22 as well. Last year at uni all my housemates were in relationships and a lot of people in my class are in relationships or married already. I don't like hanging out with them because I just can't relate to them at all anymore. Ready to move to my new uni and be single as fuck with my crewww
Yea, I decided to stay at the same university for grad school because I liked my thesis director here a lot better than the other university, but damn. I thought I'd meet all these new people in grad school, but if anything I know less people now.
I'm 25 and have a decent amount of friends, and I'm in the same situation. Everyone is in a relationship or married and now kids are starting to pop up. Social gatherings are boring now. 
move to the city. Tons of single people from like 20-40
Dude we have ASU here, there are lots of single girls downtown.
Give it a couple years and they will all be single again...
Anyone else feel Jedi when training brahs?  I was a sickly skinny fat padawan when my Senpai/Jedi knight trained me directly for the first 4 months and talked about my progress for the next 8 months. Lost fat and gained a bit of muscle too from those newbie gains.   Now a bit over 2 years later 35 pounds heavier and at a lower bodyfat I just took on my first apprentice. He's 2 years younger and has a bit of muscle but is skeleton mode still. But I was thinking, holy shit I'm a Jedi Knight brah, I have a padawan. I'm gonna be a Jedi Master one day. 
oh shit you're right famalam
My padawan braid fell off the instant I racked the bar after my first 3pl8 squat.
fuarkkk mine was either when i hit bodyweight on OHP or got mired and rubbed on by some sloot at a halloween party and fucked her after.
The jedi would not be bodybuilders. That would be a violation of the jedi mindset. Bodybuilding is a selfish sport so come to the dark side friend and we will not limit your gains. 
He definitely asked if the guy was using it and the guy shook his head "no," so uh, there's that old chestnut.  Also, I feel like orange could have demolished that fat slob if he'd actually been willing to fight back. Guy was throwing punches from the shoulder with zero power behind them.
That's insane. At first I thought "wow, that's rude of Orange to try interrupting his set to nag about a bench and then just move his stuff," but Blue really overreacted.
My gym is pretty cordial, but if Orange did what he did at my gym, at bare minimum there would be confusion and a verbal argument. You don't just throw a guy's stuff on the floor like that. Blue definitely went over-the-top apeshit, but this seems like a case of a run-of-the-mill asshole encountering a psycho asshole. 
Fucking dickbag, this kind of people make the gym uncomfortable.
this GYMtimidates me. 
shitty lateral raise form
They're both stupid. You don't fucking throw someone's towel on the ground after waiting two seconds to see if they are going to use the bench. You also dont walk into punches repeatedly if you aren't planning blocking or throwing your own.  But punchy needs to get over it and let management know that dipshit threw his towel. Dipshit would have been kicked out.
Cute girl in my math class. Time to avoid all eye contact and not talk to her just like I've been doing for the last week and a half now
did that all last semester with a grill in calc 2, became friends this year once I started seeing her at the gym
I don't know how serious you are, but just fucking do it. My philosophy this semester is no "what ifs". You have absolutely nothing to lose from talking to her and asking her out.  Just start by talking t her and establish names, then after a week or two ask if she wants to hangout. It's not that hard.
But my fear of rejection. I'd rather hide behind thinly vieled sarcasm than actually confront my fears.
Bruv, it is so much easier than any of the attempts you've played out in your head were.
Even easier than the one where I sit back, do anything and wait for her to take off all her clothes in front of me?  Jokes aside I realize I gotta man up and just talk to her. I won't let this opportunity pass me because I realize regret hurts more than rejection
Too real
So many bros in the college gym with killer physiques, then you look at their legs and they look like theyve been in a wheelchair for 3 years.   It's sad really. 
Why is it sad?  Other people's shortcomings make you look better by comparison. 
Because all of their hard work is overshadowed by bad legs, and its sad that they cant put in some minimal time to better their physique.
I thought the whole "skips leg day" thing was mostly just a meme, and that people wouldn't skip it to avoid becoming a figure of ridicule.  Then I started going to a commercial gym and it's actually hilarious how many dudes with genuinely really good upper bodies have almost no leg development. They don't realise how fucked up they look, it's pitiful.
There was a guy at my school with an upper body like Phil Heath and the lower body of a girl scout. Was absolutely mind boggling how he didn't tip over. 
It blows my mind that people don't train legs. Squats are love, squats are life
I physically can't squat without pain. I cry sometimes because all I want is big legs 
Squats are fucking grim. They're really hard with no payoff. ( immediate, like a pump)
I always get a sweet leg pump idk
C'mon some guys really want that Tesla logo taper
I'm so glad I've been blessed with the large legs from my dad's side of the family. My squat absolutely sucks (I just can't go heavy at all) but fortunately my legs look a shit ton stronger than they are.
This is my legs and chest. I squat 140 for reps which is pretty good, but they looked so much stronger than that. Although cutting to low bf has reduced the size considerably. 
Kg right?
I hate for that, but I also love you bro 
I see you go to my college.  -  I also see that you've seen me around the gym.  -  feelsbadman.jpeg
Girl offered to bring me pancakes today yesterday night, told her that's okay I have some mix and I was already planning to make some today.  Hold me bros
Just text her back tonight and say "bring me some pancakes"
Saw a blind guy in my gym the other day, he was in the free weight area and to find the weight which he needed he'd feel his way down the rack and pick up the dumbbells testing each one out by picking them up and curling them until he found the right weight for his exercises. Was really inspirational to see, and made any excuses other people have about not being able to work out pretty invalid.
bu... but it's the vernal equinox bro
Any gym bros in Florida try spreading their lats in the hurricane wind to see if they act like a squirrel suit that allows the wind to catch and let them fly.   Come on boys. 
ask her if she wants pancakes
My egg crusade continues. Thanks for all the snaps of your own personal egg crusades, rbb. Also, the dude who sent me the naked photo with the egg carton covering your junk, make it more than 2 sec next time so I can screen shot and share it with the other DD austisms 
Sorry
Having a roast session with a buddy when he pulls the finisher on me.... "I've seen egg whites more yoked  than you" someone hug me better
I wonder if some girls go to the gym just to check out guys. I mean, where else would you go to see sweaty, scantily clad dudes that isn't a male strip club?
Man, I hate to tell you this.  But as men, we are burdened with initiating and taking the social risk associated with it.  In our deluded dream world, women would initiate stuff.  But that ain't the way the world works.    You want something, tell her.  She's not a mind reader.  And whatever floats your boat, but I'd go for something more, something I can't do for myself.
Whats your favourite type of curl and why is it hammer curls? Pumping those reps out always give me the juiciest pump
Superset heavy-ish ez-bar curls with a lighter set of cable curls. Juiciest pump after only one set. Bonus points if you flex your biceps inbetween sets.
Cross DB hammers and spider curls
Straight fixed bar curls baby. Simple and incredibly effective for building juicy guns.
My favourite to watch is when people swing with all their might on a weight they probably shouldn't be doing then they swagger around after as if they own the gym.
Did close grip drag curls with a straight bar for the first time ever yesterday, pump was very real.
They look super douchey, but spider curls with a straight barbell and moderately light weight will fuck your arms up with their pump. 
You ever do DB spider curls? Been doing these a lot lately because it's easier for me to get a full range of motion, pump is still raw as fuck.  
Why do they look douchey? 
Problem with hammer curls is I always feel my puny forearms give out way before my biceps are even feeling it that much. I do them pretty much as a forearm exercise, any bicep activation I take as a bonus. Am I doing them wrong?
I always do them as a finisher. Usually I do normal db curls then hit hammers after that. Can do a bit more weight with hammers and hammer out the reps. Definitely feel it in the forearma as well, but also my biceps are pretty fatigued at that point so it's a good burn out. 
I had this then I found out I needed to twist my wrist a little more.  Instead of having your thumbs completely neutral facing up, turn them out just a little if you get me.
I have the same issue. I found that doing single arm hammer curls on the preacher curl machine helps eliminate forearm involvement quite a bit. Choose a super light weight (I use 10-15lbs) and do 3 sets of 10-12 super slow reps with a long squeeze at the top. I'm talking like 3-5 seconds up, hold, 3-5 seconds down. Burns the biceps like crazy and gives an amazing pump 
Maybe, deload a bit and focus on the bicep. They do place a fair bit of load on the fore arm though
Heavy barbell curls with crossfit weights to assert dominance
...you mean bumper plates?
To me, the colored ones are actual bumper plates, and the black bumper plates that all have the same diameter are Crossfit plates---because it's hard to tell which one is which. So 300 lbs looks like 650.
Even the youtube dude from Exercise in Futility calls them Crossfit plates. They're bumper plates for God's sake.
Idk what they're called but they lie in the crossfit area
Cross body hammer curls makes it either looks like  a. I'm jerking off  b. I'm bouta suck some dick.
Some girls kiss fucking odd. One chick tried cleaning my teeth with her tounge and tonight this girl did this  tounge flick shit
One of my new friends from college has asked me to work out with him on the regular, he hasn't really trained before, so i feel like i've been given an opportunity to shape him the way i would have done myself if i had had the knowledge i do now.  Hopefully he doesn't bail on the Iron Church when he sees what i have planned for him.
Amen, lead him to pasture, let him graze. Mold his fleece in the image of Brodin. When his fleece is thick, cut it, reveal the physique of a champion.
Guide him. Do not smother him. Do not make him feel like he's doing everything wrong.   He probably will, just offer to try a lift a different way. (Correctly) Make sure you spend the first week or so just finding where his lifts should be. Not high volume anything. A few reps at a weight, ask him how it feels. Increase or set it.   Good luck. They often don't want it as bad as they think they do.
How do would you guys feel if your chick had a best friend, who after 3 years, confessed his love for her?  He told her the same day i asked her out for the first time, she apparently spent a week or two thinking about it but decided to pursue it with me...  She described him as being perfect for her/ would treat her right if she was romantically interested. They didn't speak for a while but now he's started to chat with her casually again and she's getting really really happy about it..  i just cant help but think her feelings may change? She may come around to the idea of being interested in him in that way and then im just fucked...  Or do i seriously just need to let this go?  Advice please bros before i fuck this up.
just dont let them hang out by themselves? If you really doubt that much whether shes into you or not then its probably not gonna last anyway tho.
I dont doubt it too much, but whenever she mentions it i cant help me get in to a bit of a funk about it.  I love the girl and dont want this to come between us tbh.
If you really feel threatened just tell her, don't say she can't see him or nothing, just put it out there. If you keep it to yourself she'll just think you're cool with it and keep on doing her thing until you burst in rage and smack the shit out that dude
Dump her, this isnt going to end well.
Why do you say that dude?
Go on.. 
If you need further explanation as to why that's fucked up then you're too blinded by the steady flow of poon. 
But that's the thing, she said she has never been interested in him in this way. They went out on one date 3 years ago and she didnt feel anything.  "I could never imagine having sex with him, i see him the way i see (girl friend of hers)."  She said if she wanted to be with him she could but she didn't want to, even putting their friendship in jeopardy.  Tbh, when this all happened she just came out of a 2 year relationship, she said she just wanted to be independent, they i came along and changed it all.  Not to mention she has told him she is in love with me on a night out before
Your only evidence that she's sincere comes in the form of things she's TOLD you. All of her actions run contrary to what she's telling you. I guarantee that if you went through her phone you'd fine some hurtful a shit between her and this guy. 
aaaah, no way.   1. im with her a lot, they hardly ever speak. She was happy about them having casual conversations again.   2. im always on her phone (i suck at charging mine), she couldn't care less.  3. she is literally the sweetest and suffers from anxiety, if she was keeping a secret there is no way she could hide it, i can tell by just looking at her if something is up.  My whole concern doesn't really revolve around her cheating, she would just end things if she wanted someone else.   I just got a bit worried about her developing feelings for him tbh and im pretty sure that would've happened by now.  im just going to try and let it go, i know how much his friendship means to her (reasons i've given before) and im not about to make her feel guilty about getting her best friend back.
Do as you wish. I hope the best for you, but I know how this is most likely going to turn out. Either way, your fellow rbb autists will be here to console you if it goes to shit. 
Geez dude this gril sounds like way too much drama. Who needs that shit? 
Because if she were happy in her relationship with you then she wouldn't be entertaining the outlet that this guy offers. ESPECIALLY since she's aware of his romantic interest.   I'd leave before she cheats. 
This some trash ass advice
How so? 
You saying the dude should just dump the bitch, not even tell her what he thinks of the situation
That's the thing, If I truly thought about it I know she just wants her best friend back to be honest.  I know based on what i said you'd be entitled to say she may develop something more with him but i know her and know she would never cheat.
Yeah, exactly what I thought. Maybe we're just cynical, though.
I feel like everyone gets burned once like this before they learn. 
Amen to that
Best thing to do in my opinion is just roll with it for now. Be a good bf just let her have her friend, makes you a bigger person and if you truly like her there is no point dumping her in case she breaks up with you for him. Might as well see where it goes, if she decides she wants to be with him at least you know you tried and move on. I just think preemptively ending it because you're afraid something might happen is short sighted. Trust is given until she does something to not deserve it anymore and sounds like she has been completely open and honest with you about it which is a good sign.
Yeah, this is exactly what im thinking, she tells me literally everything.  I wrote this feeling a bit down about her saying it tbh, i've seen her since on break and we had a cuddle/kiss.  I said i felt a bit off when she told me, she said she could tell and that i know it means a lot to her to have her friend back.   I'm just going to roll with it, if i get hurt it's worth it, she's quite the woman tbh.
Exactly, that is the best thing to do. Good luck with it and I hope it works out for you. Even if it doesn't at least you tried.
You have to trust that she won't do anything wrong. You NEVER have to trust that loser though. Calmly tell your girlfriend that you don't feel comfortable with the situation because you know exactly what he's after, gauge her response, and go from there 
Exactly this brah, would you continue talking to another woman if your girl was uncomfortable with it?
That's the thing, I do have a friend that my girlfriend doesn't really feel comfortable with me talking to. And to be fair, this is a girl i had asked out a while before meeting her.  But we are adults. You cannot just tell someone to stop talking to friends because of irrational fears.  We are still our own people.
He'll start talking shit about you, and how much better he would be for her.. She'll vent about what you're lacking, and he'll tell her that he would do all of those things you won't blah blah..    She's not attracted to him, she's attracted to you. Fuck her like the world is on fire and she won't go anywhere. 
Just pee on him to establish dominance. 
I'd say leave. In my perspective I want someone who knows what they want and it seems she may not fully know what she wants.
That's pretty extreme. OP at least talk it through with her before just leaving lol
I may need to pm you for advice one day.
That's some Dr. fucking Phil shit, bruh. Well done. Maybe I should call you. 
Dam fam 10/10 will remember this for when I am undoubtably placed in this position in the future
Yeah i feel you mate, i think i got a bit ahead of myself tbh after she said it. I know why she's happy about them getting back to 'normal'. I mean who likes to lose a best friend? Especially after two of her best girl mates moved to austrailia around the same time..  Like i said before in another reply, we plan on moving in together next year and a trip to florida has been booked shortly after that. I think i just need to man-up and see it for what it is.
dude but that ANX vs ROX was hype af
Yous a bitch
Jon Skywalker is in the gym right now, what the fuck do I do
Smoke a bowl with him in the sauna
suck his dick
These legs doms are unreal. Woulda thought I never squat before. Got me thinking if the zombie apocalypse broke out the day or two after leg day I would be so pissed off.
lol that's the sex number
I'm going to eat a bowl of cereal while I think about what I want to eat for dinner.      Bulk lyfe.
Managed to bench 242,5lbs for 3 reps, as a new pr, after 1 1/2 year of lifting. Feelsgoodman
Holy fuck that is a lot of weight, I think your comma should be two places to the left though
Honest question, have you ever thought about other girls/women while with your SO? Or that you were missing out on other opportunities even though you love her. 
Yes I've thought about it. I'm only human.  But really, as far as I can tell, our relationship is about as perfect as one can rationally hope for. I wanted a family eventually. I have a lot of friends who are really good people, and not too dissimilar to me, who want the same things but have had no lasting luck at all. Some of them are well into their 30s. I think I lucked out.  Like I said, I don't think I could rationally expect a better partner, and that's really what I wanted. I'd be lying if I said the animal in me isn't sometimes disappointed that I don't get to bang tons of people in my late teens and 20s. But I have a half decent brain, and logically I know I made a damn good trade. Logic overrides, and I'd do it all again.
Sign me up bby
Sign me up
Im in.
Hook me up
Oooh yeah.
reply
International shipping in decent prices ? Would help a bro if it didn't cost a million
So I'm using a drop shipper, or maybe two. Depending on location, and see which has the cheaper international shipping. Where are you located?
Greece
Don't mind waiting. If it's a nice product I will grab
I'm game
Awesome dude
Add me to the list.
Blood sweat and gains is some lame shit
Ask her how much she weighs. 
There's no safe place for manlets 
Well, I mean maybe under furniture or other small spaces where normal-sized people can't get into?
Literally every cupboard/drawer/small closet
Thanks to those who offered up tricep exercises a few days ago. Did some close grip bench and cable kickbacks today and had the best burn in my triceps I'd had in months.  Saw a meteor on the way to the gym. So that was kind of cool.
Heavy low rep close grip bench is my go to tricep exercise now. And that wasn't a meteor it was the 3 gainsmen of the tripocalypse anytime you see them you have a good workout. 
I bet if studying gave you a pump I'd be at the uni library right now. Instead, I just got back from the gym and am sitting at home contemplating priorities while i should be studying.
Im currently in the bathroom at my gym sitting on the toilet with satans very own brand of explosive diarrhoea exploding through my shit tickler. The worst part? Legs today. Deep squats. Noise cancelling headphones. Long, melodic farts that rung from free weights to the corners of the cardio machines. I dont think im ever coming out of this bathroom lads.
Being 6'3 I'm tired of barely looking like I lift, I'm tired of having small arms, I'm tired of having chicken legs even though I never skip a leg day, I'm tired of looking in the mirror and seeing how small I am.  Which is why this winter I'm going full cloud Phil Heath bulk. Idgaf how fat I get I just want to be big and live the dream.  Amen.
My anterior delts and upper chest start cutting off the circulation to my head if I have them overhead. I guess that's alright.
I've seen many people complain about taking dumps 4-5 times per day on a bulk. This is very normal for me even on a cut. How do you bros go less than 3x a day? I find that weird.
1 dump a day here.
Watching Luke Cage til way too late has two benefits. Getting mire a fucking sick physique, and actually getting to the DD on time.   Go fucking watch that show holy mmm fuark it satisfies my Netflix binge needs.
Through the fire and the flames, we carry on (with leg day)
I'm going to an all you can eat burgers place on Sunday. I'll overshoot my caloric goal by about 3000 calories that day, so I'm planning on having a 1500 caloric deficit today and tomorrow.   Will this offset the fat gain or will I just end up losing water weight and glycogen and then gaining body fat? 
Has there ever been a recorded case of death by protein fart? 
God knows I've tried.
If protein farts ever killed someone, it would've been my roommate. So far, he's still going strong.  Keep letting loose, my man.
Shaved my legs for the first time. All good, except it feels like im sitting on a hedgehog. What to do fam?
Wear pantyhose
Went to Pizza Hut Unlimited Buffet for lunch. 
Holy fuck. Finally. I've finally seen someone curling in the squat rack. I'm literally watching him curl about 45 pounds total as I type this. 
So the bar?
it's remarkable how much easier it is to cut when you stop smoking weed. 
except bulk lol
Anyone else workout, then cardio then do a quick pump set after the cardio? I just hate losing the pump. Makes me feel like it was a waste lol
On my way to the gym, maybe I'll actually get a good workout this morning and I won't spend half the time shitposting in the DD thread...  lol
4 weeks into my bulk and I already feel and look like a fat fuck. Contemplating wussing out and going on cut, else need to work on eating proper and may be dial back some calories.   Diet still includes extra 500 cals and foods as rice, bread, oats, bagels etc. I'm making sure to get enough protein and carbs.  Send help folks...
I'm not one to judge people in the gym, but there was one dude struggling to deadlift 65 lbs yesterday and it made me sad
Yup. Everyone starts somewhere. I am glad I started higher.
Today one of the regulars who I sometimes speak to said that I look like those skinny powerlifters, because I lift more than I look like I can.  Not sure if compliment or not...
Time to bulk
I heard Deca makes u hungry. When does this shit happen I fucking jate eating all this food. And no I don't want to dirty bulk
Anyone else watch ANX vs ROX yesterday? Holy shit best game of world's I've ever seen 
Will somebody tell me I'm a fat fuck every day? I've lost all will to keep my cut going until Thanksgiving. 
You're fat as fuck.  Now please return the favor
Thanks mate, but I don't think the fucking Michelin Man has any room to criticize.   You're welcome bb. 
Post a new pic in EVERY Mirin' Monday.    Receive abuse.   Profit.   Kill yourself (just kidding, bb)
I don't know about you guys, but I feel like you should never have to tell someone that you're a bodybuilder or lift weights.  Either they can see it, or you have some work to do.  If they can't see it, they might laugh and scoff and you don't need haters like that anyway.  Just do it for your own satisfaction and people will notice the gainz, and if they don't, your own satisfaction will still be reward enough.
Fucking gainz goblin hurricanes. At least I got this pull-up bar. 
Hit my end of year goal a little early by entering the 1000lb club.  Hit a 190kg DL, 140kg Squat, and 130kg Bench at 19, 180cm, 80kg after training seriously since the beginning of last year  Finally hit all my strength goals and now i can focus on hypertrophy and getting more swole.  Feels good mane
Started a new program (GZCL) after running a double split for a long time. 7x5 315 deadlifts after heavy sets has me never wanting to walk again and my upper back has the worst soreness I've ever had, I love it.
Spent all that time traveling, eating out, and missing the gym. Felt like a fatty. Finally got back to my routine and meal prepped last night. Weighed in this morning to assess damage... down 1.6 pounds. Sometimes I think my body just doesn't work right.
Nurse giving me my flu shot at my university this week squeezed my shoulder and cut me this smile/giggle. She was cute as fuck too.  My autistic ass didn't think to ask for her number until like 5 minutes after I left.
I think the nurse here at work that gave me my flu shot was kinda flirting with me too but it was a guy so I didn't think to get his number until later that afternoon and then they were gone.
One time all of the girls at the doctor's office that I was cute af and wanted to hook me up with a girl that worked there so they introduced us and the girl was my cousin  Still smashed
/r/thathappened
Hey guess what it's raining and windy surprise surprise.
How much do you barbell row as compared to your bench?  Right now I use almost the exact weight when doing them 5x5. My chest is weak af tho. Last time I benched/Bb rowed I used 60kg 5x5.    Fuck it, I'm weak af, not just my chest 
TFW you swim and your back is yuuge, but your chest and arms are tiny. I literally row 25lbs more than my bench.
I row almost twice my bench, but I spent my whole life picking heavy metal up off the ground and very little of it pushing it up off my chest.
I don't think you should make that comparison because they are two mechanically different movements and you're viewing the correlation negatively. Like, just because someone can squat a certain weight doesn't mean they can/should be able to deadlift a certain weight. Just focus on doing what you can with each and keep progressing.
Lean bulk started this week, calories going up and bodyweight is going down and I'm looking leaner. Is this the dream boyos?
Calories up, bodyweight up, looking leaner is the dream. You're just cutting still lol.
I know this is more powerlifting related, but check out Sebastian Oreb and Cameron Oreb on Instagram and Snapchat. Top quality content. 
Was doing deficit deadlifts and hit a PR for reps with my last set. Cute guy comes up to me and asks what the point of standing on the plate was. I explained to him and he asked to try it out. I helped him with his form and attempted to pull it twice. Afterwards, he was like "Nah, I am good, I felt that shit in my back". Not a crazy story , but it felt good to not really be a "noob" for once.
It seemed like he didn't know what a deadlift was. Looking back, I think maybe he does calisthenics based workouts, I guess..
Should I ditch my multivitamin and buy c,d3 and cla? I am reading everywhere multivits go down the drain
I can't get my delts to grow for the life of me. How does one get half natty delts as a natty?
I was travelling the last few weeks and now that I'm back at the office I'm way off my game. My sleep schedule is way fucked up and I haven't been able to get up at my usual 4 am. Feel like crap. 
Bought some Gymshark joggers that were on sale and fuck they're comfy. Prolly the only thing I'll buy from them
The last year I have really stepped up my workouts to pursue the bodybuilding path vs just being a casual lifter.  3 of my fingernails have done this weird shit where they deform at the cuticle and my nail is ugly as fuck while that deformity grows out.  They do go back to normal but is this a sign of mal nutrition?  I'm hitting my macros and started taking multivitamins but should I be concerned?  My gainz have been massive this year so I'm assuming my muscles are just taking everything.  I've gone from benching 135 3x8 to 225 3x8 in 10 months.
Do you guys prefer abs that are not separated or a little bit of separation (gap) between the two sides? 
No gap.
Zyzz be with you
We're all gonna make it bruh.
I went out for dinner tonight. There was no nutritional value so I estimated, and I estimated to be 1450 over. What should I do? Should I try make up for this? Or should I just leave it. Would this cause me to gain unwanted fat? Also, is it better to make up for this all in one day (1450 deficit) or over a week.   I've been trying to figure out maintenance by sticking to 2700, would this stuff everything up and mean I need to start again??  Advice pls
I wouldn't worry too much about one day.  As long as it's not one day out of every three or four or some kind of bad habit like that.  If you're really feeling guilty, go low carb / high protein for a day to maybe rid any excess glycogen and water you might have added to the scale.
It's one fucking meal, move on like it was a normal day
Hey guys I'm getting lots of wrist pain randomly near my ulnar but I am definitely not taking another break at the gym so I'm doing "active recovery" (lots of prehab movements, building up forearms and laying off ANY movements that hurt). Cutting probably isn't helping recovery of my wrist- any great foods for joints/tendon healing or is that not a thing.   Also it seems it hurts most when I twist my wrist like a bicep curl- I changed my bicep routine so it is only movements with no pain but its lacking. Any suggestions? Doing hammercurls, cable curls (full rom behind body) and this cable bar thing where I put elbows on knees and I get into a 3rd world squat position and curl.   Thanks 
Well, you should actually try to keep your wrist immobile while curling of any type. It ensures your bicep is doing all the work. So curls shouldn't be hurting that much.   Have you seen a doctor about it? It would be smart. Sounds like you've got something worth having looked st.   Omega 3 is good for joint health. But don't go eating pounds of fish. Mercury and all.  
Pulled groin, so won't be able to squat or deadlift for a month. Gonna be weird just doing push/pull/off and repeat.
I don't see the problem here
9 lifts a week on a 2 day split. I don't get the math
Anybody here a fan of Lyle McDonald's Generic Bulking Routine? I've been doing a PHAT variation, but I'm considering doing Lyle's instead with exercises modified to my preferences, but still hitting the recommended muscle groups. Might add in a bonus 5th day, which would be a light upper day primarily hitting weak points, which would be some arms and chest.
Cutting at 1500 cals is takes way less self control than trying to slow bulk.  Whodathought?
I love eating and cooking way too much. So bulking is much easier for me. I become hangry ALL THE TIME if I'm working out and not eating enough.
I'm in the same boat.  If I'm committed to cutting, I can justify the hangriness.  But when trying to slow bulk, I can rationalize eating way over my calorie goal for the sake of gains.
Dont have a gymbro workout with me in the gym, feeling really sketchy when doing squat. First timer for deadlift , can barely lift 135 for 5x3. No clue about DL not sure whether i am doing it right or not . hope i wont injury my back   
Watch some videos. Find someone at the gym that looks like they know what they're doing, go up and talk to them. 
Autism man... i have done my research online and watched some youtube tutorials from those big name youtubers (brandley,scott,omar etc) and gone through some articles. Still though, it is different story when actually doing it IRL.
post a form check on r/fitness
Having some issues with my shoulder after doing pressing moves (bench, incline bench, CGBP, etc.).  The front of my left shoulder hurts after bench day, I'm quite sure my bench form is alright, so I'm wondering if it's an impingement, or posture issue?  Any thoughts?
I think 2a days are the new GOAT of training. Been doing a push, legs(squat focus), pull, legs(deadlift focus) split and i hit my pull session around 9 AM. Had a gap between classes so hit some chest and delts around 7pm. HOLLLLLYYYY HELLLL. The pump was insane. The energy was insane. I think it had something to do with not caring what i was doing, just doing it to feel good. But fuck this that isn't gonna start being a new thing.   Also been running a lot more and getting pretty sore calfs. Any good stretches you guys recommend to just increase ROM?
I did my higher rep bench today. Had the same setup and everything. Grip width normal.   Triceps felt it more than my chest and they got fatigued. I know theyre part of the movement, but damn. Was not a fan.
Scapular retraction?
Yeah, i make sure i do.
yeah I get the same these days. I think my tris have just fallen behind is all.
Pre exhaust your chest next time
I know a lot of guys here hate Lui, but I can't get enough of his gym fail videos. I'm just cracking up here at my desk
Not propah.
If there's no blood when you wipe, then your bulk isn't right.
Nothin wrong with a little pink on round 3
That's what she said...
Just came back from a month and a half long trek, I am so weak.. how do I even begin to build back my strength?
Worst workout in a long time. Today is legs and I feel like I can't move weight at all, just slowly going through my sets. Impromptu de-load I guess 
If you're on a bro split do legs earlier in the week. By the time you reach Friday your body is significantly fatigued, even if you're able to recover volume throughout the week.
Well not where I want to be this bulk so time to start throwing more food down the hatch. What are some of your favorite snacks to help up the calories?
Those chocolate covered granola bars are very addictive
Mixed nuts. I get the kirkland brand, which estimates 180 cal 6p/6c/15f per 28g serving. Weigh out four or five ounces of em and you have an easy 720-900 calorie snack. It's heavy on the fats but idc mayne it makes bulking easier.
Yogurt or choc covered pretzels. Got a bag of pumpkin spice yogurt ones and goddamn
pizza and in and out burgers
It's fall break bros, I've really needed this after 1st semester college kicking my ass. I'm already caught up with work, but I'm gonna work ahead for those responsibility gainz.   (And fuck the hell out of the gf since I usually only see her on weekends)
I love going to the gym late at night to smash some BBC
Smash some what?
What's all this I hear about Christian Guzman and Nikki Blackketter breaking up again? Can't watch the videos yet as I'm at work   I love when the drama llama comes to visit
I read that she hooked up with Frank while they were broken up.
I've just about given up on getting emotionally invested in the decision making of 20 year old men (college football), and now this?  
It's an emotional doozie that's for sure
He asked her how many guys she was with when they were broken up. She said one. It was really two, because she didn't like that some guy apparently took advantage of her when she was blacked out, so since she didn't want it to have happened she just lied that it did? And someone called Christian about this "rumor" and he asked her and she liked again and then eventually told the truth?   It sounds like a lot of horseshit to me because there are so many logic gaps. Was she sexually assaulted? She never did anything about that even though the guy admitted it? I know that victims don't like coming forward at times...but she just told the entire world in a YouTube video. Doesn't really fit the profile.   Also, How would some random person know this was a big enough deal in their relationship to call Christian? How would they know she lied about her "number" during the breakup? Why would there be rumors at all about a single girl hooking up wth guys?  And finally - why would she lie about this? Her reason is moronic. Also, if his girl got taken advantage of, wouldn't Christian feel awful for her and want to kill whoever the dude was? Instead he dumps her?   All of this just shows that we spend way too much time of the lives of these morons 
I think for him the big deal is 1) she lied  2)it was with a friend.
That question was never going to end well
Yeah she let me creampie her backdoor too. Maybe that played a factor in Christian's decision because I'm the real Alphalete here.
What routine/program are you currently doing?
Legs/Push Heavy/Pull/Push Lighter
PPLx2
Had a crazy pump in my chest to the point where I could see a chest vein (hey there fella). I've took to wearing tank tops recently strictly because I actually feel comfortable in them now and viens be popping on my shoulders. I'm stuck in some sort of muscle  purgatory I'm not big neither small but decently lean.   I heard the town of "making it" is just along the road.
Sounds like my grandparents. I don't think you can blame any one person though. It's more along the lines of House of Cards. So many intertwining pieces of corruption, hidden agendas, and money grabbing that at this point there's no stopping it. It's a well oiled machine. 
Thats not racist thats an opinion, saying because he is black and a president would be racist
Lol 3 pl8 squat and 2 pl8 bench isn't a lot at all. You can look skelly and hit those lifts.
Don't worry, when you get there you'll be wishing for 4 and 3.
Tell em you gotta return some video tapes.
Laughed out loud at this.  Thank you sir. I always welcome a Patrick Bateman reference 
 Maybe you intimidate the fuck outta them and they think they have to try and prove their worth lmao
I found my gym nemesis.  I was benching quite heavy (for me) when this guy was curling in the squat rack. Then he looks at my weight (95 kgs for 3x5 and 2x6, which is about 210-215 lbs and a huge PR for me) and rolls his eyes. I don't really care. Then he goes on the smith machine, puts the same weight as me, does 5 horrible reps and looks at me with pride and smugness. Fuck this guy.
Jesus, I bet you could smell the insecurities of that guy
I would have started cracking up at him while staring him straight in the face just to piss him off, and because that is so pathetic it's hilarious. What an arrogant fuck. 
Nemesis implies he's bigger or comparable size wise to you. Is this true? Don't wast ur time with a plebian
The smith machine is actually negative weight. Thats why you can always bench more on it.
Oh so that's why the one at my gym is tied down
Yep, damn thing floats away otherwise.
The bar is less than half as heavy as a barbell.
You just subtract the bar 
He put the same plates, probably thinking my 20kg barbell was the same weight as the smith machine one.
I'd die to be able to bench 95kg
I remember when I said the same. Years ago. I'm now struggling to get 110kg for a 5x5. Consistency and dedication will get you there. 
You'll get there bro
Cracked up at "smith machine"   What a tool 
That weight is nothing to roll your eyes at, that guy is a prick.
So my university gym has decided to ban stringers and cutoffs for "sanitation reasons" then later made a Facebook post on how they want to eliminate "gymtimidation". I didn't know Planet fitness decided to buyout my university's gym. What's even worse is they sometimes enforce it. One day they'll be very strict on it and the next i'll see 6 different people wearing stringers. It's fucking bullshit. Fuck these pussies in charge. 
Same thing here. I have like 40 cut offs that I wore all the time back home and it's a coin flip on whether or not I get called out for it by staff
Who the fuck gets intimidated by a muscular man?  Sexually aroused, sure. But intimidated?
Better than when your gym requires sleeves and clean shaven for morality reasons lmao.
Is your gym owned by the Church of Scientology or
Nah fam the Mormons lol. Cheap-ass tuition tho.
Provo or Idaho?
Provo my dude.
Ayy me too my man.
I don't understand how banning stringers is supposed to eliminate "gymtimidation". DYELs wear these just as often as big guys. It's just a comfortable piece of clothing... If they really wanted to make the gym a better place for everyone, maybe enforce rules like "don't throw-drop the weights". 
they should ban telling people you got over a 90 on exams so that the people who didnt do as well don't feel badly about themselves 
One man's gymtimidation is another man's gymspiration
tfw you fail a 315 squat and try two more times to prove you can do it... and fail those too.   
Sniff some amonia dood, works wonders for one rep maxes
Ever use the squeeze and try to bend the bar trick when dong heavy bench? Try that when you give 315 a go again. It can help there too. 
Hit some nose tork before and you will get it no problem
You got this.
thanks buddy. 305 goes up easily, it has to be mostly a mental block at this point.
I stare at myself in the mirror and make a mean mug at myself. Then proceed to grunt as i position on the bar. Usually helps me focus and get past that mental block
I just repeatedly call myself a fuckin pussy. Seems to work. 
Does anyone have the guy that lifts heavy and doesn't talk to anyone at the gym?  Because that's me. Am I weird? All the other people who lift heavy seem to all know each other etc, but I have some anxiety and don't seem really approachable, I just get in and get out. Idk. Just a lonely rant (in terms of gym). 
That's me as well. Occasionally people will talk to me when I squat since my squat I guess is good enough to draw attention but other than that I'm usually pretty solitary at the gym. 
If I were you, I'd try to limit yourself to making one or two gym friends. At my old gym I became friendly with one social regular who introduced me to all the other regulars and I ended up spending 30 minutes every workout making small talk. These guys basically lived at the gym so they love to chit chat, but I just want to clock in my 2 hours and go home. At my new gym I know nobody and I honestly prefer it this way. 
Are you in the gym to train or to make friends? I only talk to people when someone asks me a question. Talking to people during my workout fucks up my focus.
No I'm not, just seems like a very click-ish thing which kind of makes me feel left out. Idk,  I know i shouldn't care but it is what it is. 
just talk to someone in between a set. strong dudes love to talk to other strong dudes. 
Yeah I would love to, but I am just not a very social person or at least the one who initiates the conversation. 
Fail on bench and get help, then laugh it off. Conversation will occur.
The conversations come over time. Maybe you start with a nod. Then nod every time you see the same person. Then ask them what they're hitting that day. Then another time talk to them about their exercise choices for a given day. And you keep building. Baby steps.
I would have just re-racked the bar on the first assisted rep.
See, people hate when I spot them, b/c I literally will not touch the bar unless it's going negative or you drop it and are about to die.  This guy would not have made it through rep two with me...
That's when you say "Man, you need to go down in weight for the sake of proper form". 
Then you just get bullshit about 'man I swear I totally did this weight easy last week' 
True. Lol
I know assisting through the reps is the norm for spotting, but as a powerlifter coming from powerlifting gyms, if you start to fail a rep, the spotters will just take it and rack it, not help you half ass through the rest of the set. So that's how I spot, if that bar starts to go negative on bench, that's a no lift and I rack it.
But that's different than yanking it and not pulling it back into the rack and allowing someone to rep another time a weight they can't do
I blame the bad spotters that grab the bar at the slightest struggle. It just fools people into thinking they can bench more than they can and / or you're supposed to have somebody rowing the weight while you bench
Even worse is when I don't help as much on their next set (basically simulate a slow, controlled movement) to make a point about how they should drop the weight, and they look at me with a WTF expression as if I tried to murder them.
Comparison Photos of yourself and Arnold...Just fucking don't. I do not care who you are... just fucking don't
Gonna piggyback on your post.   It seems everyone at my gym deadlifts with mixed grip. I can count maybe 10 gym regulars I've seen do overhand grip. Sure, sometimes I'll go mixed but that's to maybe grind out a extra rep or two but these people are doing a plate with mixed grip for every set.
I hope they enjoy the uneven muscular development. I'm sure it will help the bros with jerkin it.
Why not just alternate? You guys must have freaky forearms, I can't even do my heaviest warmup set with regular grip. It just makes no sense not to mix it up, especially since as far as I can tell alternating will make sure I'm even... right?
I never DL with mixed grip. Seen too many ego lifts and what always happens is that the force produced on underhanded grip is similar to a curl, which turns into a bicep tear. So....I'll stick to double overhand because everyone likes to push the envelope.
But I just can't imagine how that could work. I'm literally doing an identical amount of work on each side, and the movement on each side is the exact mirror of the other. It sounds likely that you were doing an odd number of sets or something?
If I am going to deadlift with a mixed grip in competition, then I will almost always use a mixed grip in training. If my right bicep gets bigger because if this what's the problem? 
For powerlifting purposes sure, you have a point. But you're in a bodybuilding sub and symmetry matters in bodybuilding. 
Yeah there's no problem with using mixed grip and alternating, some people just want to feel above others
You aren't going to get noticeable imbalances from deadlifting with a mixed grip
I go mixed when I go heavy but I've been trying to build that hook grip recently. 
Lol it's always Indians in large groups
If you're a massive bloke show up and say you're gay , you're a "bear"  Then go all out slamming weight and grunting.
hadn't read TILT since my poker days. auto upvote
I fucking loathe workout "groups." Couple guys working out? Awesome. Seven brotards clustered around three benches with every set of dumbbells as the Great Wall of Chucklefuck? The fuck outta here.
If you can't deadlift 1 plate without chalk you have serious grip issues.
And where i am from,  the university is wanting a "women only"  hour that accepts the lgbt community too.   That being said,  it'd be nice if there was a "no fat chicks"  hour too.   From maybe 430 to 530..  
You could just say "I'm gay for Steve Cook, let me in."
Thats a discrimination lawsuit waiting to happen. Especially if there isnt one of the inverse
But either way thats fucking dumb. Dont be so coddled that you cant go to the gym unless its with people who are exactly like you
Fear of foreigners, and by extension 'those not like us'.
That's...a really tortured use of a word. 
Just go in during "women only" hour, and explain to them how triggering they are when they assume your gender.
Or go in and say that you're feeling confused in your gender identity that day, and prefer to identify as a woman. You'll be worshipped as a hero for expressing your true self and doing what makes you happy
Everyone on this sub is gay, so no worries about that.  No homo
I just hope some absolutely massive gay guys and jacked lesbians show up to check out and intimidate all of them and ruin the whole point
Someone needs to check their fucking cisgender, heterosexual privilege ASAP /s 
What a time to be alive lol
Girls, stop bringing the bar in front of me in front of the mirror. I don't care about your pancake butt and 95lb deadlift or 50lb good morning and I care even less about your body. Don't stick your ass in my face especially when you went to the gym with your boyfriend in the first place. I'm here to mire my own pump and maybe some big dudes and stuff, but now I can't look in certain directions without giving you the wrong idea. 
A lot of these 'ladies' tend to be butter faces too. I prefer men but can still appreciate a nice ass on a woman but these girls are something else. 
You're in r/bb it's ok to be a little homo bby
What do they think you are? Straight or something?
Yeah man what the FUCK was up with that? The top comment called him out on it too.
Maaaan Matthew's a bitch. Kinda pissed off cuz I spent a long ass time prepping for it and all we got was some wind and rain, And I'm pretty close to the coast. Granted I'm pretty happy because 170,000 people are without power and ya boy still has it. 
Decided to hit arms 3x a week because they're lagging and the only thing growing is my elbow tendonitis.
My favorite morning regular, Sloppy Joe (because he looks like Stalin, just without the mustache) is back at it with his terrible form. I don't understand what his objective is at all. He does upright rows that don't go any higher than his bellybutton, something resembling an ax chopper that he does for 1 set...of 50 reps, and rounds his entire back on lat pulldowns. There's no tension in his body when he does anything. He just whips and flails and looks miserable as he does it. I shouldn't let what other people do at the gym get under my skin but this guy has the dedication and is there most mornings...he just doesn't know anything.
how the hell does stalin make you think he should be named sloppy joe?
Looks like Joseph Stalin but with terrible, sloppy form. Sloppy Joe.  I come up with bizarre nicknames for gym people.
I like it. I do the same. Mustard Lady drives me nuts. 
Tell me more about her.
Tall, mid 50s, in good shape for her age but dogdick ugly. Tanned to the point of looking like a piece of beef jerky and apparently really proud of this aesthetic, because all she wears to the gym is a neon sports bra and leggings. And if her outfit doesn't draw your attention to her, she'll make sure to gain it by flailing through an extensive circuit training regimen 11" in front of the mirror, consisting of some bizarre variants of rows/kickbacks/curls. There's something thoroughly off about her face that you can't really put your finger on. It's like she didn't quite fully evolve. I try to avoid her like the plague that she is, but I'm convinced if I ever got within olfactory range of her she'd smell like a stale Dijon. 
"Dogdick ugly"  Fuck lol 
What tells a person that it's a good idea to carry a barbell across the gym horizontally?
They did it wrong. If you carry it horizontally then you must lunge to your location. If you can't then you must carry it like the staff of Brodin.
Like a dog with a stick?  That's how someone smashed a mirror at my gym.
Damn that must've been a strong ass dog
No, just a big ass stick. 
Right? If nothing else, it makes your arms look pretty sweet while you walk.
I just miss how Gears of War used to be. The first game felt so minimalist, and the best players just ran train on fucking everyone. Now I can't figure out this fucking GoW4 shotgun and I keep being killed by power weapons. Fuck
Lancer whore reporting in.   Just do intense wallbouncing with your gnasher out, you'll still wreck shit up.  Especially once you get re-acquainted with the aiming (bullets come from the gun, not the center of the screen like in GoW1).  Makes it easier to body someone.
I'm a huge fan of the first game and loved the remake ultimate edition. I'm on the fence about 4, can you explain what the changes are?
Oh, makes sense. Well the review guy left doesn't seem to great. 
Yea, it got great reviews though. I'm still on the fence 
Go to gym.  Fifteen minutes in my wife says she is super over the workout and we should just go home and have sex instead.  Afterwards she says to me, "How about them gainz goblinz?"
I'm trying to squat more often to try and up my piddly squat but my legs and body just feel like they're taking a beating. The last time I did squats was probably... can't remember, either Sunday or Tuesday but I still feel it. It's not quite doms, just... exhaustion. Yesterday I did shoulders and arms and I can feel it more in my legs.
Are you eating enough to recover? What does your squat workout look like? 
So what are your other days like?  I was doing shoulders/arms, legs, chest/back which is working for everything except my leg strength. So I moved away from having a dedicated leg day to squat at the start of each workout (which is the upper body stuff) and do hamstring/calf work as well which allows me to do a day on and day off.
Eat. More.
My campus gym closed at 3 on Wednesday and won't be open until Sunday. I'm stuck in my dorm during the storm. Pray for our gains in Florida. 
Working late without extra pay? Stand up for yourself and don't be a pussy bro wtf
Welcome to Norway...
Fuck those motherfuckers. I love baseball, when I woke up and read that news on my phone I nearly broke down and cried. 
When people act like they're getting fucking massive muscularly and swagger around the gym when they're actually getting fat. You don't deserve that confidence, boi
It wouldn't mean shit even if she weren't fat lol 185 ain't nothin' but a peanut
He's from the future where the dumbbells walk over to when you need them. They even put themselves back after.
Throw his towel on the floor and step all over it.
Shit on it then stare him down
Okay?
So... there is this rowing student society in my uni. And today couple of them were wearing their club stringer. They all circled around the squat rack and kept talking loudly, one guy was moaning through the whole set which is really annoying(i didnt bring my headphones with me). It was like they created some sort of dome or force field and repels people from them.
At my gym there is one platform/area where you can do deadlifts because the gym is pretty small. So, I notice a guy deadlifting around 100kg when I walk in and after about 60-70 minutes when I'm doing my last exercise I notice him again, still deadlifting.   So I finish the 4 sets I had left and was watching him the whole time, he just kept pacing back and forth. I finished, walked around and picked up lying around weights watching to see if he started his next set. I kept waiting so I was watching him for about 10-15 minutes and he still hadn't started his fucking set. I was getting fucking furious at this fucker pacing back and forth, looking out the window and not starting his set. IT WAS ONLY 100KG YOU FUCKING PUSSY JUST LIFT IT UP.  Anyway I talk to a regular at the gym about the guy and he reveals that the same guy spends about 2 hours at the gym to just do deadlifts but hasn't improved in strength at all. Like what the actual fuck. 
Why not just ask him how many sets he has left? 
I didn't want to deadlift man, I had finished my workout. It was just frustrating watching this short neckbeard walk back and forth pondering the 100kg
I mean if he isn't bothering you or using equipment that you need, I would just leave him be. Maybe he has a mental illness?
Yeah seriously, if he isn't even interfering with your workout, who gives a shit what he does in there.
SO many people are gonna be fucked when they eventually get injured because they neglect proper warm-up, mobility/stability/flexibility work, and basic corrective exercises for each individual's issues. It's funny when popular fitness YouTubers get injured and act like it's no big deal and keep doing the same dumb shit they do in the first place. "I think it'll heal itself in a few weeks." No you idiot, you have a real issue that actually requires your attention.
Bulk is going too well and my thick ass abs are make my chest look like shit.  Debating on dropping PPL for chest every other day and alternating leg and back days.  My back is on point, shoulders are coming along ok, and core is predictably suffering a bit.  Hammies are my focal point on legs at the moment, but are progressing well with some overdue attention.  All is well and good except for my slow ass progress on my chest.
Change it up if you need to target your weak points. My chest has been making progress I think since I started doing a day dedicated to just chest. 
What's your split look like? I started hitting chest more with PPL 2x a week with 1 rest day.  Seemed my previous bro split was slowing progress. 
Maybe just a thought, getting rid of your Shoulder Arm day could be helpful.  For push day include chest and shoulder. This way you have a day to rest because rest days are important. 
Well you need to pick something or accept your premise. If you want to maintain you really arent going to get stronger. You need to eat more to lift more, and it's pretty much bulk season. Or dont and sit at a plateau. 
You sound real stupid with this statement, either pick bulking or cutting or your just gonna keep failing. Sorry that's harsh but it's the truth. I would suggest a nice 200cal surplus and put on some musce. 
So what're your goals then? If you don't want to bulk and you don't want to cut anymore are you just going to eat at a maintenance? I'd say just keep going man, if you wanna get lean keep cutting even if you don't have the motivation. Better to move forward than to completely stop.
I love black bean pasta. I've only used it in place of spaghetti but I bet there are all sorts of yummy things you can do with it.
Stuff gave me diarrhoea. 2/10 would eat again, but I'd eat a lot less of it at once. 
I know this isn't r/buyitforlife ,  but what do you guys use to cook with?    Teflon pans?  Stainless?  Cast iron?   Any decent kitchen utensils I should get?   Only splurge was a blendtec blender
Non-stick teflon.  You have to wash cast iron by hand (rust), which is a pain in the ass.  Everything sticks to stainless steel (and doesn't come off in the dishwasher), which is also a pain in the ass.  As far as kitchen utensils go, the only vaguely abnormal stuff I use are a slowcooker and a blender.  I would invest in a meat grinder immediately if cleaning it weren't - wait for it - a pain in the ass.
I use non-stick teflon mostly for every day cooking. Stainless steel is better quality though. I use cast iron for steaks (ie grill plates on the stove top) and roasting pans.   Utensils should just be the basics but invest in a good knife or two. You get what you pay for in knives. 
I use cast iron, it's great and very versatile. The only thing is you have to clean it quickly and watch out for cooking acidic stuff. Also use a stainless steel pan for other things.  The only other thing I use is a saucepan.
So for people that need a high fat snack that needs no refrigeration 2 servings of walnuts (2oz) and a serving of dates (6-7) will total out to around 500 calories with 36g carbs and 38 grams fat. 
Walnuts have the highest amount of Omega 3's of all the nuts so it's good fats too.
I'll eat nearly anything, but I won't eat Arctic Zero. It's like chipping away at frozen skim milk.  Halo Top is the GOAT for cutting-friendly desserts.
Nuke for 30 sec first
I tried chocolate Arctic Zero and definitely prefer the taste/consistency of Halotop. Birthday Cake makes me feel some typa way. But it's really a personal preference thing.
arctic zero doesn't taste like ice cream to me ...  just a 'frozen dessert'.  Halotop is AMAZING and is definitely icecream .... more kcals as well.
Yeah I agree with that, I'm a Ben and Jerry's guy so to go from that to Arctic Zero is kinda disappointing, but it's pretty good as long as you're not expecting it to be legit ice cream
god i luv me some ben and jerry's
And all those new flavors coming out look amazing. The oatmeal cookie and black cherry will be the first two to go down. 
I'm sorry but Arctic Zero is trash. Even in competition prep I can't eat that bland frozen ice. Halotop is miles better.
I've been eating protein fluff ... This stuff is like a godsend.
I have a few questions.  1.How do you eat enough cals without going apeshit with fiber? I've decided to substitute post-workout carbs from whole wheat to white sources. Is this a bad move?  2. Many different sources say carbs (especially starchy) and fats together is a no-no because insulin blocks fat oxidation and you gain fat. I know the size of the surplus is the biggest factor, but should carbs and fats be separated in order to avoid fat gain? 
Oats? Not sure what there fiber content is by I have been having them pwo with cocoa powder, (has high fiber I think) and taste lush and is easy to hammer down some quality cals
Are you allergic to them?
Yeah think it's because I used to eat too many lol. Unless that's broscience
Oats? Not sure what there fiber content is by I have been having them pwo with cocoa powder, (has high fiber I think) and taste lush and is easy to hammer down some quality cals
anyone have any simple salmon recipes?
I've been buying the big pieces of salmon at Sam's Club/Costco and cutting them up into 6-8 oz filets. Then putting a salt, paprika, pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder mix on top and broiling them at 525 for about 8-10 minutes. 
If you cook your salmon on a plank, you'll thank yourself.
So what's the downside to drinking a carton of egg whites everyday instead of protein shakes?
AFAIK eggs and egg whites have way lower protein bioavailability when uncooked.
But it's so much easier to drink than to eat. 
wish i had that problem
Stock up on the toilet paper
71P 72C 14F  100 grams of Rolled Oats 250 mls of Lite Milk 150 grams of egg whites  Microwave that shit up, check each minute and mix, repeat until egg whites are no longer raw.  - make sure to mix. I personally don't like microwaved egg whites, when they are mixed well it's like they're not even there.   (If wanted, add more milk) however I don't.   Add in protein powder.   Mix.   Done.   Noice.  
After this next mandatory pose Wednesday (the javelin pose) let's make it this Goob 
Good call
The 'World on your back pose' is lovely
Same. But facing away from the mirror makes me wonder if I ever got it right. It's very hard to do right, so it probably looks flawed. Witing for the pose Wednesday thread to feature this pose (or freestyle).
Pose in front of a camera feeding to a monitor where you can see yourself?
That's been my idea for a while. I just never bothered with it.
ABSOLUTELY TO BE SALUTED
YES, it must be propahh-ly executed. Proceed, ha ha, shall we?
as you can see he has them big titESSS baby pleaseeeee
Seriously. I kept waiting for this to pop up at the Olympia and it never did
You obviously didn't watch the Olympia then
Chillll dude
It popped up in Cedric's routine
No shut he's the only dude that can pose, I mean REALLY pose and draw attention 
God damn I love me some Arnie.  
Cedric used this and another Arnold pose. 
Franco's back looks awesome. 
I-wanna-see-back-but-i-only-got-one-mirror pose
One of my faves. Find it ridiculously hard to hit though 
Dabbing before it was cool.
Levrone did this pose really well in his 1992 olympia routine.
Been working on this one
His posing was immaculate
I've been trying to learn posing lately. It's fun, kinda like dancing, fuck the haters. I find this pose really good for transitions.
Best pose by Arnie by far
I guess it would look worse on stage with today's huge guts.
At least it was present in this years Mr. O
Bostin Loyd is on the road to evolving into a young rich pianosaurusrex 
Is it still considered a tragedy when someone is doing it to themselves deliberately despite tons of warnings from, well, everyone?
It's considered a Darwin Award.
helping the gene pool
Dude juices way too hard. Wasn't there a video where he showed and injected his daily doses and it was just obscene? Synthol included.
Honestly he is either lying, his shit is bunk, or he's the worst responder to gear in the world.
Probably has a shit diet
"quality tissue takes time fellas" - uses synthol ??
he meant quality SCAR tissue, duhhhh
From the sounds of that caption, its time for some Piano gains 
Bout to leave humanity behind and become a cloud lol
k, dude. Wat. Not competing...but is going to use oil anyway? What the fuck. 
How else is he gonna get attention? he needs hits to keep that sponsorship money. 
Plastic surgery inc
body dysmorphia 
He looks like he is slowing Piana-fying himself.
It's like he's the generic/ knock-off version of Rich Onamonapiana. 
And somehow even shittier than the original.
"Keeping it real" is not synonymous with "being retarded" 
Full Beetroot mode activated.
When I see "keeping it real" I might as well see "hurr durr"   There have been no cases where "keeping it real" is used in a context where someone is actually keeping it real. The fact that you have to say "keeping it real" shows that you aren't keeping it real and instead have to try to convince people that you are. 
It is if the real you is retarded.
Does anyone here think he should be a LOT bigger with the amount of stuff he uses?   
Why does he always stick out his tongue 
He's the Miley Cyrus of non-competitive bodybuilding.
So he gonna go full Rich Piana.
never go full piana
Synthol is to men as fake tits are to women.   No thanks.
You clearly dont know how proper synthol works. Stretches the fascia to allow for further growth. Theyre not implants
Yet I clearly know that for decades men have grown huge from simply lifting weights and increasing testosterone levels to enormous levels. That's literally all you need once you take into account food and genetics.   Injecting oil into your muscles to "stretch the fascia" is neither scientifically verified or needed.   The sport is freakish and marginalized enough as it is - guys like Piana, Valentino, Loyd etc simply make it even more repugnant and laughable to the general public.
That had nothing to do with synthol though
Did I mention anything about it?
Have you not read the synthol reports of people here doing it? An implant is an implant, oil isn't permanent. And yea steroids have been around since the late 30s but your original comment was discrediting them saying only food and genetics are important
Yea gear is oil based. They are also not your average synthol user. Valentino and piana didnt use synthol at all. Piana used pmma and valentino did god knows what
You know a lot more of the recent pros are on some sort of seo than you'd think, Ronnie being a notable exception.
Fake tits are okay.
No they aren't 
If I can touch 'em, they're real
Is he still re-using needles 100 times or something? Nasty as hell.
aha that gym shark tank though, I definitely feel like they wouldn't approve.
Can someone tell me why anyone would consider synthol? I've seen the bursting and leaks that can happen, but is there a moderate side to it at all? 
Ideally it would be used by pros to correct small differences from side to side. What happens is you now have a bunch of retards taking way too much, there's some guys in Brazil who did it and it's crazy full DYEL with 30-40" arms. I honestly expected more from Bostyn. 
I think those Brazilian dudes were just using whatever oil they could find, but who knows.  Those lumpy bags are terrifying.  I don't know what else you would expect from Bostin, he is a long time advocate for snythol.  Doesn't surprise me a bit.  I just don't know where or why he would be doing it right now based on his physique, but I guess we will find out.
I thought he was not an advocate from a video I heard him speaking, but I might not remember wrong.  And you right with those Brazilian dudes, not only they're using junk oil, some of them are even using regular kitchen oil, which is beyond retarded.
Don't care for the guy but I am excited to see what he will look like with all that oil in him. 
"Quality tissue" "Quality over quantity" "Synthol starts today"  ...wut
I have honestly never really paid attention to this guy... but holy shit, who the fack brags about synthol use (besides those weird ass dudes over in like india)?    His caption for the photo is just a cringe fest.
What exactly does Synthol do?  It doesn't increase strength or muscle mass right ?
yeah it doesn't, it's basically an oil that you inject underneath muscle tissue which causes it to swell up and look bigger. theoretically not permanent, but if taken frequently it can create so much scar tissue under the muscle that it will look fucked up forever.
Freak fucking show.  If you're sacrificing your health for anything, that makes you an ungrateful little shit.   You get what's coming for you.
Keeping it real? No. Legitimately the only way Boston gets attention on this sub is when he's trying to be edgy and stand out by coming clean with his gear usage, the guy gets smoked in every comp he's in.  If he was winning and had a phenomenal physique everyone would be taking notice, he would have a point, but looking like shit and then acting like he's the truth that bodybuilding needs makes him look like an idiot. 
Future Rich Piana?
Lol as if he ever stopped injecting it
I'd assumed he had been part of team3cc for ages. Can't say this is any surprise.
He started team 3cc
The more ya know haha. I'm simultaneously ashamed I didn't know... and proud that I haven't payed any attention to him 
Earliest case of polumboism incoming
"I'm no longer a 'competitive ' bodybuilder"
Ahh yes, cheating by using steroids in the untested completions he's done.  What a scumbag.
I don't like him, but what makes him a cheater?
Well he once used to claim the "natty" thing and now he's using synthol... idk not necessarily a cheater at his game, but telling his "doubters" to respect him for his progression all the while his gains come with unbalanced work for it.
He's never claimed natty lamp and has been using steroids and synthol since the very beginning of his bodybuilding phase. He hopped on at like 18
Just don't go throwing around that cheater term unless you're ready to back it up. And claiming stetoids is cheating is a bit ignorant.
When did Bostin ever claim natty?  wtf
When he was 15?
The fact that he doesn't really train hard.  He's a fat ass that dreams big.  It has nothing to do with gear the guy just cheats himself.
If you think steroids is cheating, then I've got some bad news for you...
I was under the assumption steroids and synthol were two separate things
They are
I think you fell for the bait.
i think you are a bit fluffy for 3 weeks imo
I know I am
He's growing into the show lol
You know your cut went good when you have that one vein popping out your head,proppppah
When will your prep begin?
I can't tell if you're talking shit or mean peak week?
The first one
You asked months ago if you should do this show and many people told you to wait. I hope you realize now waiting was in your best interest. 
Thank y'all but I do what I want and I want to do this
Then don't ask what you think you should do if all you're going to do is shit on others' suggestions. 
Just don't make a thread in three weeks that is titled "Competed in NGA show. Placed lower than expected. Please come in and console me." 
"I'm coming for that crown brah"
Yes 
Do you know who you're talking to?  There will absolutely be a post show thread. Most likely we'll see a 2 weeks out and 1 week out post. There's a good shot we'll get a 2.5 week out, 1.5 weeks out, and 6-5-4-3-2-1 days out post too.
I just like to keep everyone updated lol
It seems I'm not the only person who sees he has a need for attention haha
Regular critiques are the only way to improve
Its terrible...
Everything is nice and conditioned minus the abs.. interesting. Good shape
Water alone you going to lose alot
Thanks big daddy
The way you carry fat is almost like a thin layer of film wrapped over your entire body
Chest/Back, Bis/Tris/Shoulders, Legs is the split my man. 4x12 is the magic number for a rep/set scheme until you clearly determine whether you can do more or less. For example, with leg extensions I do 6x20 but with incline dumbbell I do 3x15. Start with 4x12 and then figure out what your body responds best to. I do HIIT for 40 minutes every day except leg day and i do hanging leg raises and the crunches machine for abs 3 days a week. Anything else PM me on here or DM me on Instagram. 
12 week prep. I have taken 5 of the weeks seriously. Next time I will take them all more seriously 
You're all good.  At least you have the balls to compete and put yourself out there.  
That second pic doesn't do you justice. 
Thanks bro 
Yeah i keep hearing similar things and so I've never bothered looking into nga.
How big are your arms? Looking good.
14
ABS ABS ABS
Thats a good vacuum. Wait another year, up your gear and prep earlier imo. 
5'6'' 157 lbs 19 yrs old 
I'm haven't thought about it much. More than 150 less than 166
If you weight 157 now then you should be under 150.  Show weight should never be a factor unless your at the top end of a class
That's what I was thinking 
You're very soft for three weeks out but you know that. Get the most out of this experience. Learn how your body responds, how much time you'll need to prep, how the show is run. You'll be better next time.
I understand if this is better suited for PM but for educational purposes. Cycle information and plans after this experience in regards to drugs?
Not much I can do now besides work with what I've got. I know my legs aren't up to par but I don't think they'll be the worst on stage
Theyre not bad man. Maybe not the leanest for 3 weeks but too late to change that now. Plus as a teen in classic there shouldnt be too much competition
My entire physique is soft for 3 weeks out, I know this. There are things I could have done differently in this prep but nothing I can do now except my best
Good attitude especially with all the downvotes going on in the thread. The last couple of times you have posted you got torn up for being fluffy, but you are open to the criticism and still look better and better each week. 
I'm not arguing with them
Respect to Ronnie for his achievements, but I just don't find his physique very aesthetic compared to many pros out there like Cedric for example.
So true.  It pains me to see how the comment you're replying to is upvoted so much...
Phil would smoke him from the back.
no homo 
I think Phil legitimately has the greatest back double bi of all time, it's crazy how good a back he has despite being such a narrow guy.
Phil or ronnie, hard to call.
I completely see where you're coming from. Phil is an utter monster, but I think at this point it's mostly personal preference.
Phil wins IMO, don't really have a reason except I prefer his physique 
Thanks. Those filters were making it difficult. This one doesn't seem as bad
Damn close, but flexs delts are what really seal the deal for me.
And midsection and calves
Forearms look sick.
Fucking crazy, I expected to see Phil's forearms dominating like always, but nope. More arm mass in general too.
Lets analyse this from the bottom up.   Calves... Too close to tell. Thighs from the front... Phil. More mass, with the same or slightly better conditioning, plus similar muscle shape to easily compare.  Midsection goes to Flex. Conditioning aspect here is the same. The shape is preference, (though the vast majority would prefer Flex I'm sure), but objectively Flex has a more narrow waist from the front. Forearms are about the same. And it's too difficult to rate the lats from this pose.  Then there's arms and delts. Flex does appear to have thicker arms, and from what I can tell, his delts may just very marginally edge out Phil's. Traps are too close to call.  Finally there's chest. Gotta give that to Phil. He's got more mass in the entire area basically.   If we're giving Phil upper thighs, and chest, and giving Flex arms, delts and abs, and picking no clear winner on calves, forearms or traps, then that's 3 to Flex and 2 to Phil. However there's the argument that chest or upper thigh is a slightly bigger deal than abs, arms, or delts, individually. Plus, Flex's arms and delts just edge out Phil's, while Phil's victory in upper thigh and chest is more clear cut.  I'd rather look like Flex though.    
In this specific pose i'd agree, but I think from the back it would be an entirely different story.
Oh for sure. Phil's mid-back thickness, as well as the amount of muscle on his glutes and hams would overwhelm Flex.
I'd give forearms to flex for sure. Look at the thickness, and the taper to the wrist. Phil's forearm mass kind of comes out of nowhere and isn't evenly distributed, Flex has better insertions (lower forearm is much thicker), and more mass/circumference altogether. Also, I like Flex's calves more for the all-around thickness, but it's pretty close.
I didn't want to make my post too long but judging from the pic, I totally agree. Flex looks like he has bigger forearms. The hesitation on my part to give it to him though is that Phil's forearms, brachioradialis in particular, are so fucking big that I actually wonder if Flex's larger looking forearms are due to the angle of his Phil's forearm not being as favorable as Flex's, and also his left, (our right), forearm being washed out in the darkness.
Flex wins that pose easily for me.
Only thing Phil has over him is calves in these photos.
Phil has legs and tri's too
To be honest I think legs are near identical and I do like Flex's tris better. They look fuller bodied to me. 
You can argue that flex wins here but from the back phil always wins
Flex has better delts so he gets the pose for me. 
Heath, and todays bodybuilders definately have more defined and dense muscle. Probably from more and different drugs.   Flexs arms were full of oil, which is why his arms look like tumors now. Heaths legs are bigger and more defined. I think Phil blows past him 
Agreed. All this pose really showcases are legs, waist, maybe shoulders.  Flex has the better waist, there's no questioning that, but Phil's legs are on a different level.  Shoulders I would DQ Flex because he loved to pump them full of oil back in the day.
They both have the same belly button
Phil has abnormal forearm bellies. It's honestly a winning factor for me even though Flex looks better overall. 
Is it just the angle/picture or is phils left deltoid a bit smaler?
Wheeler destroys Heath. A better comparison would be Lewis vs Heath, which imo Lewis wins.
Flex is goat aesthetics wise
we need a comparison from the back.
This photo of flex may be his best ever. GOAT lighting and whatnot.
Flex all dayyyy baby please
I've said it before and I'll say it again, it doesn't get anymore aesthetic than that picture of Flex.
Wow, when this sub starts jocking on some dudes, it doesn't end. Every other fucking post is dick sucking these two. Move the fuck on.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE THE FUCK YOU BE AT BRAH
Phil can never win this because his forearms just suck compared to Flex
That will never be the reason Phil loses a pose.
Lemme bring out my red line...
I immediately thought of your post lol 
Actually that was my post.
Ya, who ever brought it up
Someone please explain??
There was a sadik post, about uneven distances from the camera. The guy used red lines to show that the 'progress pic to classic' was closer to the camera than the one before.
I tried my best to match the size of my head when cropping
Other than food and water, did your body consume anything else in between those 8 hours? like maybe through the veins?
Also noticed that he developed several pimples in 8 hours.... 
This is so cool
And the fact that his posing in the right pic brings out his shoulders 10x more than the left...
His shoulders are also larger in the right photo because he had just worked his shoulders and had a pump.
I hate looking in the mirror after fasted cardio. I look so small and pathetic
Righy after i play basketball my muscles shrink
I swear to fuck after all my muscles deplete my fat starts looking for the most optimal places on my body to destroy my physique and pop out when I look in the mirror 
After cardio I have feminine looking curves
"Fasted cardio?"  "Yeah, how'd you know?"  "You got tits."
Variable "PUMP" has been incremented
Very believable if you see competitors before they pump up and get carbs in them they look very different than the end result 
Furious Pete has a great video about this 
Sad to see he has pretty bad chest insertions. 
Me too. But in my defense, they are most prominent in this most muscular pose. They normally don't look so unfortunate. 
Post another pose so we can compare pls.
Hah.. Didn't know it was you OP. No offense you look great apart from the insertions. 
I can't believe that chest gap
So in 8 hours, he upgraded his phone?
Ugh I hate transformation pictures where the end pic is closer to the camera...
the fuck
Could someone explain why that is? 
It's called a pump?
pump vs depleted also.  Your muscles hold lots of gylcogen and water that you can get rid of after a fasted cardio.
You can gain 5 lbs in a day in glycogen and water. it will fill you the fuck up. The fact he has a shoulder pump of unbelievable proportions helps too.
It's actually my phone... same camera. I just think it didn't focus correctly in the 1st shot
He's not really posing the same, look at the hands and traps
And a hat...that hat was critical
Goes from Jim Gaffigan to Jim Gaffigan with a hat
I have right, just hidden under a massive amount of fatness neverlean like fucking Narnia.
I have left, looks decent even at 250lbs  70"
Dude, there's no need to brag... some of us are only 6"
This guy must be a midget or something. 
Dream bulk for life 
Looking shanked
Definitely a fine julienne
Give this user Reddit Gold
Go for it 
Yeah, I dare you
I typed the command but nothing happened 
Same here. I work out at 24 Hour Fatness.
That gave me a proper belly laugh. Thanks
U got a belly?  start your cut boiii
IM BULKIN, I PROMISE...... ahhahaaha
more instagram friendly name probably.
Yeah it is. 
Yes
Left has way better symmetry.
But right looks sleek as fuuuuck, and I say this as someone whose abs resemble the chunky ones on the left more
I have left (or would if I was less fat). Right's high obliques and adonis belt look cooler. But I don't like how it's inserted into the core.   Left is less wide and looks more like abs than a turtle shell belly.
Left obliques kinda look nicer to me. 
Left, of course.
Right now competition imo
As symmetrical as left is, I'd go with right, it just seems more pleasing to me. Unfortunately, I'm too fat to know which one I have.
Welcome to the club. 
Easily right
Left for sure. More symmetrical and makes the torso look longer 
Right. Obliques on the left are too pronounced, especially at the bottom. 
Can you do like a 14 percent body fat version for us guys who are never shredded like this
Same
its ok - the grills will still appreciate us lol
I want to cover my house in prints of your work. 
I want to cover my body in prints of his work.
I want a body that resembles his prints of work.
I want a body
Left, clearly. Can I keep my nipples though? 
Don't worry, men don't need nipples.
Fuck that, no tits means no gyno. Sign me the hell up
Absolutely not.  
D-do You want them? 
The right one looks better overall, but the left one looks more symmetrical in the mid-lower region, eitherway, right looks better.
InstagramMirror bot go home, you drunk
Paris vs Zane
Some of the comments on there....
Symmetry of the left with the obliques of the right would be perfect 
Left
Left. Not even a question in my mind. 
Left has better symmetry 
Am I the only one that sees the same thing with right being more turned from the camera.
i would be happy with either
Right's chest with the Left's Abs  Problem solved
nice gyno
right but only because i have left 
Right looks like Zane, therefore I pick that.
Left
Left Steve Cook, right Jon Skywalker?
Neither. Neither one has nips. I find the lack of nips disturbing.
obliques on the right abs on the left
Looks like a statue. He really knew how to hold his body, on par with Arnold really
Lee brah
8 weeks of LGD
Is this for real? I don't know much about sarms. 
nah just a r/bb meme
Wtf I'm here like everyday, how did I miss a fresh new meme 
It's a couple months old.
A guy was getting some heat for looking amazing after a relatively short time period and he admitted to 'using 4 weeks of LGD' before the show. He also said he had capped delts since he was 5 years old so that contributed to the backlash.  He posts here everyone once and a while so the meme sticks around
Was it the physique guy?
Tyvm for the explanation. 
Just a little weird fact about Denmark, anti doping Denmark can visit gyms around the country and ask anyone there they suspect to be too large to take blood tests. If you are found to be "on the bike" you can be banned from all commercial gyms in the country  Nanny state in overdrive 
I have never seen this happen ...   Although i also see far less people who are obviously on gear in Dk than the UK
Ironic how the more "liberal" a country becomes, the more it restricts basic freedoms of its citizens.
Although it's not really a thing. And the US bans fucking gambling. Saudi Arabia bans gays etc. The more liberal a place is foes bot make them more oppressive.
"Us bans gambling"  Oh shit, has anyone told vegas?
Okay, how about this,a massive majority of states chose to not legalise it, the US government does treat the gambling states unfairly, I forget the exact mechanism now, less funding in a certain area I think.
It's meant more as a deterrent than anything else. I'm a Dane, and I have never met anyone who's actually been tested. There are also gyms that aren't members of ADD. it's mostly the larger chains such as Fitness World (the largest in Denmark) and Fitness DK who are members.  I'd compare it to those kinds of gyms where the rules state that sleeveless shirts aren't allowed - yet people do it all the time. The gym staff don't give a flying fuck if you're juicing, and I see geared people all the time. At any given point during the day, there are geared guys in the gym.  I'm just tired of people making it seem like it's a goddamn police state. The legislation is hard on drug use, there are anti-doping posters in commercial gyms, but it's not like you can't get drugs here or that you have to build a homegym to train enhanced. 
It's more a matter of the state itself having an abhorrant law like that.    Even if they don't enforce it, it's disguting that it exists in the first place.
On the plus size, you'll finally know you made it when they come after you.
Yep.
Not true. They can ask for your piss. Not your blood. That is only, if you claim the results of the piss-test was wrong.
Creepy nanny-statism is somehow even creepier with smiley faces.
GAINS ON THE LO LO  DONT SNITCH TO THE PO PO 
yep
I bet the non commercial gyms are amazing though. Just a congregation of the massive.
Sounds pretty fascist if you ask me 
Took far to long to get the joke.
I've never seen anyone get tested, for what it's worth  I haven't even heard of anyone getting tested let alone gotten kicked out of the gym from it
I've read of a guy on r/steroids. 
I'm trying to find the news link that I read like a year ago.. a number of guys got together to complain that even though they had been tested multiple times and come out clean that they were still banned because Anti-Doping Danmark believed they must have cheated some how..  i'll update when i find the article
I mean.. what did you expect when you googled that?
Named after Calum's shirt? Man that was fast. 
I have a sick obsession with Calum. And when I was thinking of a username it's the only thing I kept thinking of. Had to do it
its a used Bicycle shop mate
wow, that went right over my head
Not sure if it's better that it takes a second to realize, or if OP shoulda broken out the MS paint skills.
2dank4u
Its the danish spelling.
9 days into my DL everyday routine.  I did a few days light, just 1pl8 10x15 to test the water, then jumped to 1.5pl8.  I started 2pl8 today (w/single 1pl8 set warmup) and moved back to 10x10.  I'll probably hold this for a few weeks and then bump the weight again.  I kinda miss squatting already but my knees and hips certainly enjoy the increased rest.
I almost feel like a fraud to people who only see me in the gym with a pump, given that they don't realize how ordinary I look outside of it.
A girl just got shot and killed a street down from me like a half hour ago. Pretty scary. 
Jesus fuck
I'm listening to the police scanner and they stopped a car and two people ran out. There was guns in the car and they have a helicopter out trying to hunt them down. 
On a scale of Irish to Nigerian, where does she fall ethnicity-wise? Cops that shot her?
Do you use a belt? Do you primarily train deadlifts with high or low volume? Sumo or conventional?  I get some pain in my back after high volume sumo, never with anything else.
I can't deadlift anywhere near you but a general rule of thumb is isolated/specific pain is bad but if its all over usually its fine. When my lowerback is sore it usually last 2-3 days too, and I get lowerback fatigue immediately after doing deadlifts too. 
Had to take a break from lifting and lost practically all of my size and strength. Got back in the gym about four months ago and am making good progress, but Im tilted every time I do chest. I havent gotten my strength back, yet. I can bench 225 for anywhere from 18-25 reps but I cannot do 315 for 1. It's driving me crazy. I'm looking forward to the day that I reach my old PRs lol.
Tell me that wouldn't annoy you lol. It's probably all in my head haha
Yeah. I think you could do 315. Just get a good spotter and do it bro. 
Yeah, I do think thats why I cant do it. My workout partner has given me some debatable spots before, so I think Im worried that the weight is not coming back up lol
Have you tried taking your shirt off before performing the lift? I hear that increases strength.
I need to go late at night so I can yell at myself before I try lol
Your back isn't perfectly straight. I recommend dropping it down to 135 and going back to Starting Strength to work on form.    But really that was a great PR. Good shit. 
Man given how much you really rounded I'd say use the 10kg Olympic bumper plates to really get that form down. 
don't listen to this.
he was just kidding. something like that you can see in /r/fitness being said seriously. 
Idk if its the angle but it doesnt look like you locked out. You're strong af tho. Good job
Thanks, and yeah I noticed that I didn't really lock out a few minutes ago. I think if I pulled my shoulders back a bit I'd be able to lock it out easy.
Yea. Just lock the lats in a little more and engage the traps before the pull. The upper back looks like your weak point in this lift. Lega did what they needed to do
Good pull, grats on the PR. Your back is fine, but your technique could be improved. I can see how far forward your knees are over the bar. It's hard to see from the angle but it looks like your feet are too wide for how flexible your hips are. The side of your shin that is against the bar, you want that to be perpendicular to the floor and you want to start with the bar touching your shin. That combined with pulling back more and I think it will be much better. Because of your knee position and the bar's starting position in this pull, the bar is out in front of you through the whole thing. I'm not saying your form is bad, but after watching this, I think if you really get your technique down, you could pull quite a bit more.
Cheated on my diet last night. Ugh, was not worth it, i've been feeling down all day. Back track today. 
I enjoy cheating a few times a year so I can remember how shitty I felt the following week and in the future never do it again because of it. 
Is it cool to share your YouTube videos on the DD threads? 
Go for it
Go ahead, but be prepared. If it's shit, you will be informed. That being said, most people are decent. So it'll at least be constructive as long as its not too out there. 
Decided to cheat a little bit on the diet.  Sausages with ketchup and bleu cheese tastes weird
Does push pull ratio refer to basicallyback and chest, or actually push and pull?    Like would chest flys be considered part of push cause it's with chest, or no?
Yes, because it rounds your front delt forward. Everything that works the front delts indirectly or directly goes in push, ditto for rears and pulls.
People like you make this cold world just a little warmer
Good for you man, be proud of that shit  Its always surprising how natural things feel in serious situations. Working as a lifeguard for 4 yrs I could never pass a recert test without studying but when some shit happened, i just went on autopilot
Great work man. So glad you decided to go check out the noise.
Did u smash?
so how did ya do it 
I still start with the bar but my last warm up set is 135
Been stalling on my cut, so I decided to take a break and eat at maintenance for 2 weeks to a month.  Workouts have been so much better with the extra calories.   
think i'm gonna do this too 
Ive dropped 30 pounds. So I was more just mentally drained than anything 
Christian and Nikki drama getting good folks. My popcorn is ready. 
Christian said that she lied to him about something (Very ambiguous). Then Nikki replied saying that she was black-out drunk at one point when they weren't together and "fooled around" with another guy (not sure who?). She basically said that lying to him about the other guy was wrong. Christian said that they are not together anymore.
She wasn't that drunk if she can remember it
Basically Christian broke up with her because she got essentially raped while they weren't dating. 
Christian posted a video saying he broke up with Nikki cause she liked about something that happened before their relationship (2nd time) and how t really hurt him and he alluded it was within his inner circle, so people are speculating which one of CGs bro fucked her. And then Nikki fired back on twitter saying she didn't cheat on him and she is gonna tell her side of the story. Then she makes a shitty YouTube video to to her side on her mac book. And said that she was drinking with friends and she left them and went back home with a guy friend. And passed out but said the guy said they fooled around while she was passed out (ie rape), she called him and asked and he answered. But says she had no memory of it, but never said she was raped either. And Christian asked if she has been with people etc and she didn't mention the guy fooling around with her because she doesn't want to or can't remember it and just wants to forget about it. So then he hears a rumor of this happening and confronts her and she lies again, and then finally he asked again and she told him and he broke up with her. Which is really fine because she lied multiple times to him, but everyone on the internet is saying Christian is victim blaming (go figure) for breaking up with her cause she got raped. Once again she never said that, everyone is taking that from what she described but if she lied about it once what can you Believe. The rumor of it being one of his bros that did it is started and everyone thinks it's frank. Also I'm complete baked off my ass when I wrote this. Enjoy
Wish there was a youtube fitness sub. Their drama isn't bodybuilding related, but damn do I want a thread on it
Subbed
there is enough content out there for this sub to actually be a thing
I need your help bros. My lifts are failing at 205 DL 120 bench 80 ohp I don't think my form is the issue, I get plenty of sleep, and I gain weight at 1lb a week  What's up???
Get on a real program and follow it. Also try harder.
I'm on a real program (ppl with linear progression). Trying hard as I can
Then just keep it up. YOu'll get there. 
Thanks man. We're all gonna make it
Are you really gaining at 1lb a week?  Eat more is my usual diagnosis.
How much should I up my calories by?
I'd say 200, if that doesn't help, 200 more.
Thanks will try and report back
and if that doesn't help 5,000 more
Isn't something like .5 lb/week the upper limit of muscle growth per week for a natural?
There's no set limit. It's different for everyone. When you're gaining a lb a week,  that's not just pure muscle.
Yeah but my point was if he's gaining a lb a week, he's probably already gaining about his limit anyway, so wouldn't benefit from more.
You're a year older than me and currently weigh a pound less than I do. Just bulk hard, everyone I've talked to says they wish that they'd bulked like crazy at our age.
That really depends. If you are really tiny, yeah it might be an option but don't overdo it. When your body creates new fatcells, they are there for the rest of your life. When you lose weight later you basiclly empty those fat cells. So you do not want to gain to much fat, since that makes it easier for you to acquire more fat again. 
What program are you on?
Ppl with linear progression
For you out there that has had posture issues, how did you fix them? Right now I have anterior pelvic tilt, and the stretches I'm doing (that were suggested to fix it) doesn't do anything for me..
Thats when you have your dick forward? Deadlift more. You need more strength on your lower back. You need to balance your core.
no ATP is often due to a tight lower back, and weak glutes. So deadlifting can make it worse 
foam roll your lower back and hip flexors regularly. Stay away from deadlifts if they give you lower back pain, and focus on building strength with lunges for your glutes. Also train your abs, but becareful to do it by keeping your hip flexors out of it
You aint tryna make friends, you just want that qt to be mirin your supergains
i would definitely comment ... surely it would be an autistic one ...  but it would be meant in a good way
Where can one get that shirt?
I got it in Target (America) in the kids section.... Granted, mine is an extra large (Chubby American) kids size and i'm a DYEL asain, so they "just" fit
Massive spontaneous cheat day. Easily over 3500 cals, gonna keep going and see where it takes me
You can be my beautiful lil cloud 
3500 a cheat day? bud that's just a typical meal.  Don't beat yourself up, just try and eat grass tomorrow to make up for it.
I want my girl's friend, tough. That's all. 
You guys are so much cooler and funnier than r/fitness. I rarely go there anymore since finding this subreddit. Sorry if this sounds gay
Sounding gay is this sub's bread and butter.
Sounding?
fitness is so dreary, aside from Gym Story Saturday
So did Nikki cheat on Christian or what?
She made a video I guess she hooked up with a guy when they broke up or something idk 
Jesus. Just watched the first two minutes. Loads of bullshit.  "Yeah I lied to your face but I'm still a great girlfriend and I've never cheated so let's focus on that and not the lying." 
you reckon she fucked Javon?
This is my guess but i reckon she whored around during their break up and didn't spill the details until recently.
I'm sure Christian whored around too. 
Everyone's free to fuck whoever the hell they want when they're single, and if you've been tested and are clean then you don't have to say shit about it to anyone
They weren't together, so no
So, like a break?
Like he told her he's done with her, she moved on, and then he begged her back
I'll be damned if this hurricane keeps me away from the gym. Missed over a whole because of exams.
That sounds cheesy af.
Fuck it dude just try it 
She might give it to you out of pure cringe and pity
Dude just introduce yourself and have small talk
pick up lines are stupid. However, yes you should try it (i'm not being sarcastic), so that you see how it goes, and learn first hand. Then you'll be able to become better at this.
You'd have to be one aesthetic, smooth-talking cunt to pull that off
Took a break when coming back from vacation on tracking my macros today's the last day of the break. Eating like shit today kind of so far I've had a chorizo and cheese omlete toast oats with peanut butter and honey roasted peanuts 2 protien bars and some cereal. Also going to do a shit ton of cardio today since I'm going to watch the 49ers game while on the treadmill after I lift so I'll be at the gym for a long ass time. 
So Guzman and Nikki broke up again
Don't quote me on this but word on the street is she cheated on him
any rumors on who with?
No idea
wouldn't be surprised if it was at the Drake concert when she mysteriously dissapeared for a few hours and didn't answer her phone
Her blowing some dude at a Drake concert she went to with him would be hilarious 
Holy shit I remember that. It would be pretty funny if that was it but the rumour going around is that it happened when they where broken up. 
Guzman cheated on her with Calum
Can't blame him. 
Koality T H I C C 
Some other people are saying "sexually assaulted" but I don't buy that.
Only because she did anal with Jason Genova
Chuckled
knowing jason... he probably made her wear a strap on
mah boiii
invest in some sick shoulder pads to maximize v-taper
at first i thought hittin pbs meant eating penut butter sandwiches which i was hitting hard today, now im disapointed 
Sick lifts. Deadlift form needs work, but that's hella weight you pulled
It wouldn't really be a real DL PR if you had good form now would it?
Powerlifter or bb?
Uhh not sure i do both, 'powerbodybuilding' ive heard it called. Decided ive got no intention of stepping on stage so just entered my first powerlifting comp. Still love bbing and follow it massively.
Strong mf
das it mane. das it
FUCK THE YANKEES
Yes
Does anyone else here gets nauseous when they have a sick tricep pump? I cant explain... Feels weird bro
You're doing it wrong
Its the feeling of a swollen tricep that does it really. Not a drop in blood pressure that triggers it. Weird sensation.
What
i do for obliques 
Bulking... januari my first cut starts bit scared but lets get rid of the fat belly en get shredded to the bone
Been out for almost 8 weeks now, due to my newborn daughter. It sucks because I am constantly inside my head about how I'm losing gains and strength but it's for a good cause, my family needs me home as much as possible.  
You're a good person 
Enjoy time with your family and don't sweat it. You're not going to remember that shoulder workout on Wednesday but you will remember your newborn baby and the time spent together. The gym also doesn't need its diaper changed. 
My last two days in the gym could not be more different. Yesterday I set a new bench PR, today I hurt the fuck outta my back warming up for squats. Just the three block walk back from the gym took easily twice as long as usual, and now I'm lying in bed watching Netflix, barely able to function. 
Any idea if she cheated? I was thinking maybe her trainer Frank(?) went balls deep. Would be nice to get a full story.. But prolly will come out soon.
Maybe. At this point anything is conjecture, the video is 35min old lmao. 
Talking about the relationships of people we don't actually know is pretty much all conjecture lol.
To me doesn't sound like cheating, so much as maybe she lied about someone she was with when single, or something like that.  Like if you broke up with a girl, and she spite fucked someone you consider a friend, or maybe some guy who was a problem during your relationship, then lies to you about it when you try fix things with her. That's the sort of vibe I'm getting.   The "i'm feeling betrayed" makes me think it's more about lies rather than cheating... but idfk i'm shite at relationships
Why'd they break up the first time? Could be that they reconciled about that but some of the things she said during the reconciliation (ala "no I didn't have sex with X") were bullshit 
I'm not sure about the original break up.  Yep I think you're right. But, just speculation.
Source?
All over youtube, instagram etc. Pretty known now that it was him. I even think traintolookgoodnaked did a vid on it.
Can confirm. In FL
Am on the west coast of FL but have family on the east coast. This storm is disgustingly powerful. 
Hope they're safe man. 
They should be fine. They're further south and the house is shuttered up. Plus, this isn't our first rodeo, we've been through several big storms over the last 10-15 years
That's gotta be crazy. Do you have generators? 
They have one, yes. I am on the west side of the state so I'm fine. They're on the east side and will hopefully be alright though. 
shit I just saw that video saying it is the strongest one yet since like 2000, and if you live anywhere near the area its hitting you should evacuate. 
The Anti Doping Denmark came to my gym this week to catch some users, which I find quite ridiculous. They saw me, but I didn't get pulled in for a test. New goal right there - getting pulled in for a test when you're natty af.  I haven't made it until that happens
Man just when you think gear use is lesd stigmatized you have shit like this
Everything ive gooogled says its for testing athletes. Does your gym have some clause in the contract subjecting members to drug screens
Don't know how it is in Denmark, but in Sweden almost every gym has a clause for drug screens on members.
Saw that in another DD
I mean there are videos I've seen where gym owners discuss it and they will pick members and if you don't comply you get banned from all those gyms with the smiling face sign showing they follow the ADD
That sucks ass... Reason to not go to Denmark I guess.
What the fuck is that a thing? That sounds absolutely retarded. What even happens if you get tested positive? Can they even force you to do the test?
If you test positive you will get a 2 year ban from every gym that is associated with anti doping denmark which is pretty much the big chains in denmark. So you would only be able to train in private gyms which are somewhat rare in a lot of places
That sucks, I really do not understand why they would go out of their way to catch people like that, you aren't hurting anyone else when you do roids.. 
The justification most people give is that taxes pay for healthcare, and if you juice and fuck yourself up, you're costing tax payers money. But fuck that. It would be your tax dollars too. What about the people who drink theme selves into a coma every night? Or the people who smoke 2 packs a day? Why aren't they getting fucked with?   Glad I'm an America where we may not have the best political climate at the time, but at least we don't have roaming roid patrols..
Yah at that point close every fast food joint, any candy and soda sales. Sounds bs to me. Go door to door drug test.
I don't think they are a legit law enforcement agency, but if you told them to go fuck themselves the police would certainly be involved. From there you'd have to take a urine test, and the police could also search your house if you're really unlucky. You would also be banned from the gym, and the other gyms that have an agreement with the antidoping agency (most gyms do). 
That seems super fascist. Like opinions on sted use aside, you can't just go somewhere and say you look like you do drugs lets test you. Without any actual cause for suspicion.
I'm from Denmark as well and i honestly think they would just ban you from the sanctioned gyms..but i'm only guessing 
Banned from the gyms? I have never thought of that even happening but that is spooky
Tbh a lot of gear usere are not smart about their dosages and thus put themselves at a higher risk of for example liver cancer at a later age.   And in countries such as Denmark, where healthcare is largely paid by the government from taxes, I can understand them wanting to cut down on the amount of gear users because it may cost the taxpayer money.
Smart, great clarification thanks 
"Aren't you guys gonna test me to see if i'm juicing?"   "... nahh"   sickest neg
The fact that I can date girls that used to be way out of my league is an awesome feeling 
Stoked because I finally broke 160 today.  started this year at 113 (was depressed af) and have been bulking since.  this is the biggest I've ever been and I know I'm still small but I just feel goob about it ya know?
It feels goob to feel goob.
10/10 typo 
That bulking life. Lift are up, libido is up, mood's good, frequency of shitting skyrockets.   The good life.
Anyone else lift everyday cuz they have nothing else going for them? 
Well bros I got a new job at the corporate office for 5 different major health/fitness clubs. There's also a gym attached to the office and I get a free gym membership to a 24/7 gym and there's tons of them around where I live. I'm super excited to start in 2 weeks. Motherfuckin life gains yo
Anyone elses gym play the same songs every day at the same time for months until they change the songs and play them songs every day at the same time for months. I don't understand how they can't just chuck on any soundcloud or youtube uncopywrited mix. i wear my headphones but honestly.
There's this big powerlifter chick in my gym and i always catch myself mirin her. I'm not attracted to her like i am to other girls, more like how i'm slightly attracted to all of you guys. no homo
Well guys just turned 21 yesterday. This weekend I'm going to a nightclub and get fucked up. What drinks should I get? 
Get long islands if ya wanna get fucked up on a budget
Does anyone else have the sex drive of a rabbit during the first couple weeks bulking again?   It's like I went from asexual to charlie sheen overnight
Three girls complimented gains, should have just said thanks but ended up hitting a front double bi.   Mfw my bis aren't big enough to be hitting that shit and they look at each other puzzled. 
Reading the DD everyday amplified my hidden autism. 
LOL. on the google image result page there's a pic of Dallas McCarver and it says it's a ripped Matt Damon. I'm dying 
Did a chest workout for the first time in weeks, and now I have trap DOMS. Mike Rashid might have been onto something......
Anybody doing PPL feel like they're lagging in the chest and shoulders?  My back and legs get murdered constantly but every push day I feel like I have to choose between a full chest workout or full shoulder workout.  I tried doing an 80/20 thing where I would do mostly chest one push day, then mostly shoulders the next but I feel like both are falling behind where I want them to be.   Any suggestions?
Got my first "are you joocing?" Comments today at the gym. I'm on my 2nd week of cruising after my first blast. I hate lying to people but this guy knows my boss so I was like "haha no?" 
It's dat dere Celltech  Or you can tell him you started snorting creatine
First they came for the juicers, and I didn't say anything because I am a natty...
I need to put natty in my instagram profile
Just saw a coworker I haven't seen in a month or two and he said, "you look like you've been buffing up."  I've honestly never heard that one before, sounds like I've been waxing my car.  
Lol I'm small 
Thanks you too
Think I saw the perfect ass last night, brunette about 5' 11 in yoga pants. Legs for days. One of  those girls that makes you bit your knuckles they're so fine.
I want to get a good paying job a nice place to live and be thick/solid/tight. I want to do these things mostly out of spite. 
1. Get engineering degree. 2. Get hired by defense contractor. 3. Get on gear. 4. Profit.
You just gotta know where to post. They are just jealous bro so they wana make themselves feel better by bringing you down.
So? Just ignore them I have to deal with it irk where it's much harder to get around and that's what I do
Holy fuck, r/gainit might be worse Than fitness. 
Where did you post? 
/r/gainit was the sub where he got harassed. It's honestly a pretty terrible place full of children who "literally throw up" if they eat 1000kcal in one meal.  Anyone who gains more than 20 lbs in a year is "obviously on roids" etc.
Jeez i hardly bat an eye at 1000kcal haha
Seriously. If I'm not careful, I can eat 1000 on fucking accident..
It's just a yummy fucking snack
Great progress but obvs not cycling
What clowns thought you were on gear? Jk you're looking good bb
Not even joking. He does look good, but automatically assuming that he is on gear just based on these pics just proves that the people accusing him are clueless, judgemental idiots.
Eat more calories than what your body uses, if you have trouble doing that, force it until it becomes easier. If you can't, stop looking for magic solutions. Done.
Obv tren blast is obv
I bet his pants were flexing. 
I learned my lesson from yesterday and had cake as my pre-workout meal this morning. Feel 100x better. Plus it's arm day.
Using a throwaway because getting personal on a main account sucks apparently. People who know your IG messaging your gf and shit. wtf guys?  Anyway, curious, LTR bro's, how long did the "honeymoon phase" last with your girls? Hit a year recently and she's started to "feel tired" more. Prior to this her libido was probably higher than mine, shit, we were probably dead even when I was on the train, for an idea of how ready she usually is.   This is my longest relationship, so, is this normal? Feels like a super steep drop off. And feeling undesired like this when I get a decent amount of attention from women out and around feels a bit fucked.
I agree with everything here. Shit just can get boring every now and then but if you take her out for a nice time, treat her like a lady, and then bone down like you'll never see each other again it should fix it. 
tfw she waits until the third date
you know it's gonna be a great workout when you take a mega dump XXL right before you enter the gym
Like right there in the parking lot?
Before you even get out of your car
The grill at the front desk of the gym is either super friendly or mirin hard. Debating whether or not to ask her out. Succeed and smash or fail and be ashamed to go back to the gym 
fortune favors the bold. I'd say trust your instincts but I keep forgetting how autistic most of the lifting community is. How would yo honestly rate yourself looks wise
Saw a guy doing single leg, leg presses and my immediate thought was "oh shit that guys only got one leg." Nope, actually his other one is right there where you can clearly see it.
Got this tiny chick that is super into me, probably weighs around 100lbs and is 5'0. And truuuust me when I say most of that little weight is in the right places. And she definitely wanna meet up.  Only problem is she lives in my old hometown, 2 hours away from here and I don't have a car.
Grow some lats and fly there bro
I'm definitely interested, man. Logo design is sick
Will you ship to the UK? If so I'll be very interested
Hells yeah I can sort that out. 
Hi there, is there a way to get some sort of reminder for the shirts? I'm really interested in seeing how these will turn out.
I've added you to a long list of bros. No homo. Updates will also be on my instagram. 
I gotcha fam
Hells yeah. You're on there
What stretches are you doing? I had mild sciatica and started doing a piriformis stretch that has helped me a ton. It's all anecdotal, but if you're not stretching that muscle out (your psoas as well) then you may wanna at least give it a shot unless it goes against what your doctor recommended. 
Currently doing what the physio recommended after the surgery. Had a bit of the slipped disc cut away. Seeing her again tomorrow morning, but I have just started a seated piriformis stretch. If you have any good ones, happy to look at them. I've read they are related. Trying to stretch my hamstrings too, but can be a bit painful with the sciatica.
Yeah..stretching my hamstrings took awhile to be comfortable again. The piriformis stretch I do has me laying on my back and placing my ankle across my other knee and then pulling that leg towards me to get a deep stretch. I don't know if you do standing or seated hamstring stretches, but I've read (so take with a grain of salt) that standing hamstring stretches put pressure on your discs so it's not optimal. 
Oh nice. Will try that one. And never thought about that. Will try and do more hamstring stretches lying down. Cheers man.
Let me know when they drop, I'll whore em on my instagram if they fit my fat ass. 
Hit 170 yesterday. In officially overweight on the Bmi scale. In other news, this bulk has got me feeling like I'm overweight too. So tempted to cut for a bit, but I have to remind myself that it won't be worth it. 
two years? wow man that must've been hard  grats
gets easy after the first year.
Rest day. FeelsBadMan.
Don't think of it as a rest day for you. Think of it as a rest day for the weights.
New coworker asked if I took "pills". Guess I made it.
Gym is closed for the next 2 days because of Hurricane Matthew. Get a good lift in for me boys 
Gym crush was at the gym at a time I didn't usually see her so shoulder day turned into an extended shoulder and arms day... For gains tho not to get a sick arm pump to walk around with... I'm sticking to my story.
Pulled 315x12, 385x4, 425x1, and 435x1. All PRs. Bulk is life. 
You have a really big head
You forgot your squat plug, didn't you? Rookie mistake.
I think it's persistence that's key here. It took me 3 years before I could even get a job in a career I wanted. Half that time I didn't even have a job.  If the companies are close to you, or all close to each other, I highly recommend handing in the resumes in person, and then give them a call back a week later. Majority of resumes/CVs just get chucked in the bin (anecdotal of course).  Is your resume quite long or nice and concise?
Hurricane Matthew is a gainz goblin fam 
Walk in starbucks. Stand in line behind this guy who looks huge. Get coffee. Sit down. The guy at the table in front of me could fly away with his lats. Who would have thought that starbucks would make you feel so small?
I'm nervous-never been this early. Finally a Chance to share this. Stay with me bros. This is a long one.  I'm only in this sub because of the Community and DD's. I'd probably considered Dyel.  My story starts 2 years ago. Im in a deep depression and living through a lot of anxiety to the point where i wanted to kill myself. 6 months, some shitty therapist i never went back to and a lot of shitty days later my sister dragged me to the gym. She actually wanted her boyfriend to start lifting and since he didnt wanns be the only beginner between all those buffed guys i started with him. This shit was the best thing to ever happen to me man. I was even blessed by some noobgains. Natural endorphins flowing and shit. Getting a few compliments and stuff. I was slowly making it. But now hold me bros, life can be a sneaky gainz goblin.  It went downhill when my mom decided to throw me out. I moved to my father who left the country not more than 1 week later. But i get to live in his Appartement which is cool. But now im sitting there alone. Depression/anxiety got worse and made it near to impossible to Take care of myself. I started to eat less. Soon i didnt have much money left. There were maybe 2-3 months i didnt eat more than 500-1000kcals on average. But it doesnt fking stop here man. Around the Same time i was diagnosed with adhd. Maybe medication is a Solution for a lot of stuff? FUCK THAT. Fucking shit pissing ritalin man. Fucked me up real good. All the appetite i had left was just gone. And then another month of not eating at all.   Fast forward to 1 week ago. I stopped ritalin cold turkey- at this point i was at 58,5 kg at 174cm. Which is ca 9kg less than what i weighed 4 months ago.. Time to get back on track and make my bros proud. I started a fullbody Shedule 1 week ago, and currently stuffing my face with all the food i can get my Hands on. Its okay though. Im on the right track again. Were all gonna make it bros.  For every bro that read this far, treat yourself with some heavy deadlifts. You deserve it. Make me proud bros  
Looks like I'm toughing out this hurricane in Savannah. Wife's mom refuses to leave and my wife won't leave her. Wish me luck.
Good luck bro. Be carefull. 
After spending over a week traveling and exploring and having a blast I am back home. Spent two days dealing with a corporate audit. Going to spend today and tomorrow catching up on what I couldn't do the last two. I miss the gym. I wonder if the weights miss me too?
Totalled over 500kg for the first time this week. Been back at the gym for about 18 months after fucking up my back and shoulders pretty bad two years ago. Finally getting strong
Just make sure you don't say "you too"
When y'all use the EZ bar, do you use the inner or outside grip?
Depends. When I use the close grip I feel a better squeeze on outer head, when I use wide grip I feel better squeeze on inner head
I've taken the water bread concept and adapted it to my lunch. Instead of trying to chew a mouthful of dry leftover rice, I just chase it down with water. 
You drank water with a meal? Truly an innovator. 
Call me Elon Muskle 
kid looks like a douche lord. I want to punch his stupid glasses into his eye
That look isn't impossible natty. Thats stage conditioning tho. No way it was over a year, his facial aethetics went up a lot suggesting like 3 years
Finally have gotten serious about bulking since I competed and cracked 170 for the first time in my life. I won't be competing for at least another year so the bulk will continue for a while.
Got a glute cramp today while walking through Westfield, anyone else suffer from frequent cramps and have found a way to solve them? I do yoga 2x a week and I'm flexible but really tight
Pickle juice has 20x more sodium and 8x more potassium than a regular sports drink and if you drink 1-2 ounces it calms cramping in an average of 85 seconds.
More electrolytes
Does anyone else like to do 3 hour workouts? I know some people say stuff like you should only do a certain amount of time or reps in a single workout, but I just like the pump.
My torso seems to be getting bigger and is shaping up nicely but I don't think the individual muscles and body parts are....
Thx y-you too..
Last winter I bulked a little too hard. Started at 195 after college and got up to 235. Put on a good amount of muscle but that came with a decent amount of fat as well. I'm currently at 205 and would like to bulk but not have the physique of the Piss Lord himself. How do you keep yourself in line?
Pretty much what I did but for year starting and ending in similar weight. I kept my macros on point and my calories tight but always on a surplus. Was it worth it? Maybe but Illl never let myself walk around like a fat POS again haha   The 2nd time I started after my first show I reversed dieted and then did the same thing as before but I would cut for 10lbs for a month and maintain for the following month and then ate at a surplus again for 3 months.
Don't be a greedy fat fuck
I'll write that down on my palm so whenever I want to eat I can remind myself. 
Weighed in at 224 this morning, been taking my cut seriously for about two weeks now and am down 10lbs or so, mostly water weight, but whatever. Chest and bicep day yesterday, had the sickest pump of my life. Since I have always been a tubster, seeing some vascularity on my arms is a solid indication of progress. Since I see myself in the mirror everyday it's hard to notice progress, my roommate told me the other day I'm looking smaller (neg), which was cool someone else noticed. Then he ordered a fucking pizza...thanks roomie. 
My shoulders are weird.... One day I can bench without pain, other days I cant. Can't train shoulders, but hey, everyday is arm day
What trunks/boxer briefs do y'all wear? Tired of shitty fitting underwear bothering the boys all day.
Saw a old dude doing momentum lat pulldowns behind his head? Why would you even do this
Momentum lat pull downs confirmed for age Gainz 
Bought some ephedrine to help finish this cut. The appetite suppression is pretty good. 
Your physique isn't shit. Keep cutting. 
Still kind of weak I guess but I finally hit 225 x 5 on bench, felt like a nice milestone. Lifts improving since I added more carbs during this cut.   Also question, anyone in California know where to get Ephedrine? 
What did they do? 
From a scale of 1 to Kenya, how black are your friends?
You mean lateral raisins, right?
Thinking of getting a coach? Worth it?
So awhile ago I saw a post about different sticking points for the different compound lifts, I think it was on this sub, but I'm not entirely sure. Anyway I forgot to save it and I was hoping one of y'all might know what I'm talking about and could link me to it? Thanks in advance.
If I'm too short for the pull over Machine, what's better?  Cable straight arm Pulldown/over or dumbbell pullover    I've read that you can't activate your Lats with the dumbbells throughout the whole movement, but wouldn't the first half be the stretch and second half be the contraction?
I personally prefer cables, but feel it out yourself. Some things click for different people. 
U mirin jaw brah?
Nah bro, my cheek bones are swole though... Sadly it's the bones...
Battlerite is so damn fun. 
Got some SBD sleeves today. Beautiful. Just beautiful. Had a sick pause squat session in those bad boys, almost hit my five rep max for pause squats alone. Feelsgoodman. 
Anyone else staying in Savannah for the hurricane want to have a party? I want to die having fun
Gear users, how bad was your first time pinning? did it hurt really bad? Was it hard? and if you are deathly afraid of needles, how did you get over it?
Nervous, of course. Not deathly afraid of needles but I don't like them. Slid in like butter, no pinch or anything. Had to concentrate on not flexing. Took my time pushing it in, took about 30-45 seconds.   Absolutely no pain at all. The PIP has been a bitch so far, though. 
It was smooth as butter. Just dont overthink it.
You get nervous, no real way around that besides consistency.  No, it doesn't hurt at all. You're going to do it and wonder why you were so nervous in the first place. Just make sure you're doing everything as sterile as possible. 
How do you get together and break up in three weeks? What was the reason? Had you not posted your age I'd say you were 15
Had the exact thing happen to me a month ago but Im past her at this point, ready to make some gainz.   Stay strong brother, use your feelings to fuel your workouts.  
Stay strong brother 
I'm not saying I'm a metric to measure yourself by, but I didn't have a girlfriend until I was 19. In the 15 years since I've had half a dozen relationships and easily 200 partners. I promise you'll find someone else. Now get dem gainz.
Yea it echoed throughout the entire gym. I heard it from my gym too. 
Although I am strong, I have to take my daughter in for bloodwork today. Holding her while she screams in my arms always makes me want to grab the phlebotomist and rip them in half. The little helpless screams as she has her life force sucked away enrages me to a point of fantasizing about hurting the person that does it to her. lol no psycho 
If you're actually a medical professional, that's a little sketch
close but nah. chest too small
Finally getting back to the gym today after being injured. Gonna take it nice and light. I was only out two days but still. I think my injury was due to being in a deficit for so long. I owe my quick recovery to a strategic refeed of 3 pints of Ben and jerrys in the past two days. Thanks everybody who lifted for me yesterday and the day before
Brahhh those delt veins look mad
Nearing the end of my 8th week of this bulk. OG plan was to bulk 8 weeks / mini cut 2 weeks all winter just so I don't go full Yokozuna mode by spring but now that I'm about ready to do that first cut I'm super conflicted.    tfw Addicted to the weekly PRs, but want to drop any fluff accumulation.  Any suggestions from the vets out there in DD land?
I just dropped my elbows while setting up for jerks and push press to try to drive more vertically. Best part is that I now look like I lift in my rack position since I basically hit a front lat spread mid lift.
Graduated last May, still haven't found a job, depression is kicking in /bb/fam. I went to a technical/trade field, got my associates. I'm thinking about working next semester and going to complete my bachelors for dat college experience even though the degree isn't really specific (B.S. Applied Technology). Still don't know if I should or not, thoughts?
What type of career path do you see yourself having? I would stay away from a BS in something that generic. Have you looking into apprenticeships, used your school's career placement services, whoring yourself out as (skilled?) labor?
I majored in Process Operations Technology. So I'll be a Chemical or Process Operator. I'm waiting to hear back from Chevron, interviewed and the whole shazazz and another Chemical Company that my dad was a Safety Engineer at. I know the Chemical Company will hire me, but it'll be a little bit before that happens. I just want to experience the college life style and the women there. If nothing happens for me this year, I may go back next fall. 
Tren
Anybody else's uni gym constantly show MTVU?
my uni gym shows ESPN and food network channel lol. They will play whatever you want if you ask them though. 
Same for me kinda. They just also have a row of tv'a that are locked on MTVU.
I need some of you geniuses. Im looking for a picture of antoine vaillant. Its an old school style pic where hes got long hair and is doing a one arm cable pulldown. I have faith youll be able to find it
Do you guys do cardio when you are bulking? I want to factor it into my routine (post-weights). What do you guys recommend? 
I've been cycling to and from the gym with the highest/lowest (whichever one makes you pedal like a madman to move a few feet) gear. Overall, it's around 40 minutes or so worth of cardio.   It's awesome come leg day, you show up at the gym ready to go. 
I always plan on doing like 20 min 2x a week but end up bailing on it
How big do you guys let your waist get on a bulk?   Started bulking at 144, currently sitting at 160 (5'10"). Waist started at 29.5 or so, currently at 32. I can still barely see my abs in the right light (high insertions and I'm carrying most of my fat in my lower stomach), but I'm contemplating cutting back to 150, maybe even a little lower. I just feel a lot better when my waist is small. I think I could even get another half inch down from where I was before.   Not super satisfied with my first bulk, but I've learned enough about how my body responds to different training and nutrition that I think the next one will be more successful.
At my leanest I'm a 32 cause I have super wide hips (feelsbadman.jpg).  So I go up to 34.  I have pants that fit properly at the end game of a cut or bulk.
I don't regularly measure my waist, but at 6' I wear size 30" pants when I'm cut, 32" when I'm somewhere in between, and 34" when I'm fat. I could probably go lower but alas, legs. 
Im at that 6'1'' 34'' year round fatness haha
Sick, feel crappy but not awful. Worth lifting today?
Was feeling that way yesterday. Felt way better after a high volume leg day. I can almost guarantee you will not regret going to the gym.
Shit lift better than no lift. But listen to your body and if you truly need the rest, take it
First week of tracking macros and at a 2000 cal deficit. I have lost 4 pounds already and have still been drinking at least a gallon of water a day, (jug life). Is this normal, or am I royally fucking up my gains?
If he's not, gains will indeed be fucked up..
BMR is unlikely to be that high.  In general, just make sure you're losing weight at a steady pace (sounds like you have that down), and your muscle/strength/energy isn't completely tanking (although a mild decrease is common).   If you feel fine and are making it through your workouts ok, keep on chugging.
Anyone else feel like they really gotta pee when doing seated calf raises or am I broken?
Maybe get prostate checked out?
I feel like my knees are going to explode and my kneecaps will be embedded in the nearest wall. Is that normal? 
No
test your luck and see if you actually go pee or if its just the feeling
Any tips for squats when the limiting factor for how much weight I can use is my shoulders/elbows/back and not my legs? I have scoliosis so I'm a little crooked, 2 plates murders my shoulders, upper back and elbows but feels easy-ish on the legs. I've tried low and high bar, doesn't change. I usually just do front squats to ignore this problem. 
Have you tried goblet squats? May look into that. Puts no stress on shoulders. 
It is only calculated but I joined the 1000lb club yesterday deadlifting 150kg for 8 
I don't mean to be that guy, but you unfortunately did not join the 1000 club. Calculated lifts aren't real. Once you lift the maxes, then you can feel good knowing you really did it. Until then, you're not there, but keep at it.
lol all my jacked asian friends have to peel asian girls off them. they like muscle but with a low body fat percentage 
I legit prefer any other hair color to blondes. Wouldn't turn a hot one down though.
Yeah, blonde doesn't really do it for me either. Definitely prefer reds and browns.
Girls who aren't white honestly.
Are you a white dude? Curious cause as a half asian guy I'm pretty much only attracted to white grils
yeah I'm a white boi
Skwats with a cold - 4/10. Do not recommend, but will do them again anyway.
Anyone from North Texas interested in arranging an /r/bodybuilding meet-up at the Texas State Fair? Maybe for the last week? I'd be awesome to meet some of you bros in person.
Does anybody else get really bad cramps on leg day especially? After leg day, I played basketball for around 2 hours and my quads cramped up afterwards for like 5mins straight. I've done a lot of stretching, drank three bottles of Aquarius which is a sports drink with sodium and potassium.   Is there any way I can stop cramping up without playing less basketball?
Foam roll?
How much warm up you doing?. Go for a 1km run even to get some blood flowing to them bitches
Just some simple stretches and warm up with low weights but thats pretty much it. I might try some foam rolling though and even a 1km run for warm up but im lazy
More leg days.
Had cramps in my calves a lot, they would wake me up from sleep. Now I'm taking magnesium supps and they went away.
I never get cramps from my sleep but I'll check out some magnesium supplements 
Any magnesium works. The first day you take it, take double or triple dose. Just like with creatine - pump your body with it. 
Did anyone see calum on karinas snapchat? What's up with that did they make up
This sub is like a gossip girl when it comes to those two...
xoxo Mirin Man
Does it Matter how much protein I get from whey?
Yes
So how what percentage would be too much?
That was dope
Fun posing routine without dancing like a stripper. I wish he held some of his poses longer though. 
I hate the one second pose pop
Seriously, its become 3-4 seconds of getting in to a pose followed by .5 seconds holding it. Whats the point?
Kai and Chul Soon don't have shit on this guy
Different style, but Just look up Melvin Anthony if you think this guy is  good. 
This occasionally gets posted on facebook with most of my friends commenting something along the lines of 'gross' or 'disgusting'
Reminds me of the days of ebaumsworld.com 
This video is older than fuck. I remember having an account on Ebaum's. That site was so fucking lame. Hahaha
Yessss I remember this, as well. That was like 10 years ago..
I remember seeing this years ago and I was floored by how well a guy like that could move.
that's a big ass robot
When you just smashed and need to go tell the boys
One of the first videos I ever saw on the internet.
What do you think about full body routines?
Good if you lack time for anything else. Except for that, I don't see why you would do them tbh. 
Best routine for strength gains tbh. Since you're practicing a lift 3 times a week
I would say the opposite. You won't have enough energy to do 3-4 compounds, 3 times a week, to have a steady increase in terms of strenght over time vs. PPL or PHUL etc. Atleast that's how I see it
you will if you kow how to program, you dont hit rpe 10 every lift of the day
enlighten me then. Instead of just talking and don't provide anything helpful. I would like an example
Almost all Russian, Bulgarian and Norwegian powerlifting/weightlifting programs.
Take a look at Cody's (GZCL) Ultra High Frequency (UHF) 5 and 9 week program. I have a few buddies doing it and they've made strength gains like hell. You have no idea what you're talking about. 
That is why I am asking for help. I never Said I knew it all, im asking so I Can get information on the topic, If tou couldnt read that
GZCL's UHF is a great example of this style of programming.
i already discussed rpe but you can look at inol. i currently am squatting benching and deadlifting in the same day and have plenty of energy sinxe im not taking my sets close to failure or doing a crazy amount of volume. 
So, as someone that's relatively inexperienced, do you think hitting a lift twice a week to failure is gonna gain less strength than hitting a lift three times a week but with much less intensity? Also, i don't know what those acronyms mean so forgive me if those answer this question, haha
it depends how efficient someone is already at the lift. you can just google the acronyms 
Depends on you and your goals. For bodybuilding, I don't think full-body is the way to go at all. For overall health and fitness, training for sports, etc., full-body can be great.
They are great for beginners and for people that can't train very frequently (3-4x per week)  But the total volume you can throw at a single muscle group in a single day during a full body session will be less due to time constraints 
What about a 2/ 3 days where you target 2 muscle groups each and a 1 upper body day, like the phat workout? And what would be the right volume for someone intermediate? I'm currently doing 12-15 sets for back, chest and shoulders and 6-9 for bis and triceps 
RIP your gains, bro.  You seeing any progress only lifting twice a week?
The 2 days is from wendler I trust this guy. I'm doing a transition from BB/PL to WL. It shouldn't be hard to maintain muscle, and I can see gains coming in being more explosive and athletic. Also doing LISS one day and HIIT on another, not sitting on my butt if I can get something done in 30/50 mins I'll do it. Just a different approach with a lower lifting frequency
If time constraints weren't a thing, would a full Body routine 3-4x a week be better than any other split
Even if you had all day available, keeping your intensity up for that long would likely be a major issue.  After a couple hours you just wouldn't be productive anymore
I know this is a question that's answered a ton, but I just want some more clarification. Should deadlifts be done on back days or leg days? I'm doing PPL if that makes it any different
I have a squat focused leg day where I will also RDL (or deficit or SLDL or sumo or another variation) and a DL focused leg day where I will also box squat (or pause or front.... you get the idea). I run through push/pull/squat/push/pull/DL/rest.
Either.  I've done it both ways.  Doesnt matter.  I just don't like to do them the day before squatting. 
I'd do them on the first pull day only.   But I do stiff leg ones at the end of leg day.   No stupid heavy weight on those tho
i would do back extensions on back day and stiff legged or romanian on leg day
Both. 
Lol so you're saying to deadlift four times per week?
Yes, I do stiff leg on leg day sometimes and regular on back. Though sometimes I do regular on both days. Higher weight lower reps on leg, lower weight for reps on back. 
I've considered this, but I can usually bust out heavy deads right after heavy squats anyway. Hasn't seemed to interfere at all. 
Again, fair enough. I've recently switched to a much higher volume so I'm doing one variation of squats followed by one variation of deads, a lunge and then abs and wrapping it up, which is currently working well. 
6 times per week
nah the best way to get strong and grow is to deadlift 2x a day every day. like even when u get out of the bed in the morning, have a bar right next to your bed and the first thing you do is boom deadlift
Genius
if i sleep with the bar under my arms, do i get more gains?
I do deads on back day and if my legs are too fried I'll do rack pulls instead.
I don't squat on back days either.
Why don't you do a 5 day bro split?? 
I love my bro split. I don't know why they get so much hate these days. 
Same dude, I feel like people tend to disregard them too quickly, I did and completely wish I did one from day 1 of lifting..
It's interesting because I've seen plenty of people make phenomenal progress on pure bro splits. The science certainly demonstrates them as suboptimal if you're natty... But like anything else, it might not apply at an individual level. Everything works for someone, and there is no shortage of people spinning their wheels in upper/lower and ppl. Just thinking of loud.
True that man. 
I'm not too sure if you're serious or not, but I'll assume you are.  Seeing most of the progress posts on this sub and throughout reddit, I think the PPLx2 or the Arnold Split would provide me with the best gains considering I'm a natty lifter. I feel like it's a good balance between frequency and volume.   If you are serious, though, why would you recommend a 5-day bro split? I'm not totally opposed to the idea.
Well I will say I'm enhanced before I give my reasoning.  I feel like you can really focus on destroying one muscle group and tear it down properly. You can do all the exercises instead of picking a few. E.g  Say on chest day for ppl you might only do two upper pec exercises, like incline bench and cable flyes. On a bro split you can do all the other exercises ontop and add in drop sets/super sets/Static holds to add intensity. using all these techniques I feel you can get a better pump due to working the muscle much more and like Arnold says (I think aha) one of the keys to muscle growth is the pump. On ppl I find I can't really get good pump due to lack of volume on that body part.  I feel like there is a greater variety with a bro split and you Still have 7 days to fully recover which is plenty even for a natty lifter such as yourself. Plus you could alter the days like if you didn't feel like legs on Friday you could do it say Wednesday where as with a PPL you kinda have to stick in that order imo for your recovery seeing as your hitting it twice a week.  So team bro split right op? 
I dunno, the scientific literature pretty much unanimously disagrees with you on bro-splits. Frequency is really important, more so for beginners. 
Its called a bro split for a reason, its built on bro science and backed by bro science...  I just gave some solid bro evidence so shut up and lift ahahaha.
k
Not the guy who asked, but do you think that split would be all right with a 6 on 1 off instead of 3 on 1 off? My gym's open every day except Sundays and I don't want to be forced into too many rest days--I get antsy.  --  I didn't mean I had any problems with a 3 on 1 off, I just didn't want to get rest day on Saturday/Monday when I don't/didn't have the option to go Sunday. Two rests in a row makes me anxious.
Dude if u/DLTBB is recommending you rest, you fucking rest buddy
Build all the muscle you can. Triceps matter, but make sure you pay attention to the biceps, too. Don't let em lag.   Your biggest concern spots are going to be inner thigh, lower abdomen, pec, tricep to armpit. You will have loose skin if you stick with it. I don't know how much and neither does anyone else.   Just remember growth comes from volume. Don't skimp your arm day workouts especially.
Yeah definitely trying to get all my strength up. I love deadlifting so much and I'd like to join the 1,000 pound club in 2017. With regards to biceps, I'm doing the recommended hammer and bicep curls. I'm doing reverse wrist curls for forearms and to help deal with the little bit of bicep tendinitis that comes and goes. Curious if you have any other exercises you like for bis.  
Have you tried foam roling your lats to open up your shoulders?
One arm exercise after pull/push day with 3-5 sets would be more than enough. Pick one where you dont feel any pain and you can get really strong with it.
The only thing I can think of would be to try it out and see. At the same time I don't think I should be giving any advice to anyone whose been training for 16 years, lol. It would be awesome to see some pics of you, really interested to see what 16 years of natty training looks like.
It's not that impressive haha. After a few years you hit a plateau so it's not like I've been adding on pounds of muscle for 16 years straight. 
If you've been lifting for 16 years consistently you probably have a pretty good sense for what your own body can handle. So listen to what your body is telling you. If you're getting injuries, or joint pain, or you're exhausted all the time, you're overdoing it. If not, keep it up.
Sounds fine.   With 16 years of lifting I'd guess you know your body well enough to know if you need to back off a bit.
If you are objectively pushing as hard as you think and not having a terrible time with recovery, then no it shouldn't be detrimental in any way. 
Do what's comfortable. If you feel that you have more power doing one thing compared with the other, then start with that. Or find a happy medium. As long as you aren't rounding your back and hitching you should be good. Happy deadlifting. 
The lower my butt the more my back bends. I keep my face down ass up that's the way I like to deadlift. 
right, the goal, as i understand it, is to hinge at the hip and keep tension in the hamstrings and quads. any lower and it isn't as effective for glute/ham strength/size
Cheers man
Thx 
I know this is probably been asked a thousand times, but  can you focus train your upper chest if you feel its lacking, and vice versa? Like if I feel my lower chest is lagging are there exercises that focus more on that part, or is it all just genetics?
Yes, due to how chest insertions work. 
Incline bench, decline bench, weighted dips, hammer strength machines, pullovers. How the cheat fills out (shape) will be decided by genetics, but you can decide the mass (to a degree).
Low to high cable flyes are the only exercise where I can feel my upper chest isolated. They work really well, try them out.
Has anyone noticed any significant changes in their calves using a stair master for cardio instead of running?  I still do lots of other stuff for calves, but was thinking of switching my cardio up.  Especially, since I have PF that I keep aggravating with running.
This might be kind of a weird question but does anyone get really bad shin splints or shin pumps after doing legs?    I have had to split my leg workout into quads one day and hams on another because just walking my dog or walking to classes makes my shins feel like they are gonna tear off my bone and explode.    I'm taking taurine and drink at least a gallon and a half of water a day so I'm just wondering if any of you have had similar experiences and found a solution.    Thanks
More chest less legs. Your welcome and I'll see you on the other side (of the gym) Also for fst7, try 10 sets instead of 7. It makes my delts feel uuuuuuuge
On the Saturday Leg Day you should probably switch the Leg Press for Front Squats.
Saturday leg press is focused on hamstring whereas the one on wednesday is focus on quads, but since I'm in no rush I sometimes add some squats into it
Oh right then switch out the narrow stance squats for front ones. Front squats are probably the best quad exercise out there.
Holy volume O.o
I'm going to be a bitch and pass on lunges fst7. I already do lunes on Smith machine each leg consecutively (10reps left,10reps right, no rest repeat x4 ) and that fucks them up. And leg extensions fst7 do as well.  Lunges fst7 would just destroy me and make me skip leg days aha
The lunges alone make me want to kill myself, and that's why I do it  with FST-7 because the rest of the workout is not as much taxing as the quad one.  I layed out the sets the way I do them by feel, I LOVE high volumes and my workouts always had been like that
Yea don't change what you love, dude
Not necessarily a question, but I'm starting week two of a six week powerlifting prep. Running the candito program. Today is squats and deadlifts. This is hands down the hardest shit I've done in the gym in ages. The rest periods are killing me. I'm so used to working out everyday.
I have to drop like 8 lbs to make the 83kg class. My current total is just under 1100 (370S, 265B, 460D conservative maxing in the gym) but I'd really like to hit 385S, 275B, and 470D in competition. I think I'll be fine squatting but I'm doubting myself with bench and deads.
Probably a year and a half to two years. I haven't been very dedicated with raising my numbers tho. Been doing too much bodybuilding. I just realized I put my squat after my bench numbers haha. I relabeled them. So no, my bench isn't that crazy. I wish. I'm sitting in the gym right now laughing at my noob move
It's all good, I kinda figured that was the case. Good luck on the powerlifting gains.
lmao week two sucks so bad
That's what I've heard haha. First day of week two is today. Whoooo..........
Anyone have a good stretching/mobility warm up for squats? I have tight hip flexors and sometimes squats go well, or they'll go like yesterday where I have to stop because my right hip locks up.
Foam roll quads, it band/tensor fasciae latae, hip flexors and hip abductors before you begin your leg day. I also like to do some body weight lunges and stand in a third world squat for a bit before I even get in the rack. 
Look up the DeFranco agile 8. It works wonders.
What is your guys' opinion on overtraining? My chest a weak point compared to rest of my muscle groups, and I've been hitting it up to3-4 times a week. I feel like its taking more shape, but size is still lacking. Should I continue this or cut down to once or twice a week. I just want my chest more proportional to the rest of my body. 
Make sure you're eating enough and do lots of volume. You should be fine unless you get injured.
Yeah I upped my calories and its been helping. Does working out chest that much prevent growth or is it a myth? 
I'm not sure whatsoever but I'm fairly certain that training your chest a good amount can only result in either hypertrophy or injury, so I really wouldn't worry. 
Okay thank you 
I actually like the look of that a lot, though I'd have more sets for the main lifts. I've actually been thinking about running something like this (combining legs and back) due to legs being a strong point and back needing more attention. 
Stick with PHAT or do PPL? Probably gonna cut for about another month or so and been doing PHAT for my bulk and so far in this cut. Is it good to switch up programs frequently? I think I've made decent progress on PHAT but only bulked for about 5 months so hard to see any significant transformation from that. Been on PHAT since April.
Anything if you're a newbie. You'll make gains regardless. Pick whatever is more practical/fun
Ive been doing PHAT for about 5 months but altered the power upper day to a shoulder/back day and chest/arms and then added extra lifts for each group which seemed to be more like a PPL even tho I kept the compounds more like "power" movements with 3x5 but the rest I do like 3 or 3x8 then 3x10
Wouldn't a bent over row actually involve me.. Rowing? But yeah i was just trying to do it slow and controlled, following one of Alan Thrall's videos as close as possible.
Alan Thrall is barely past the DYEL stage. Don't take advice from him. Look up Brain Alsruhe his videos are great and he answers questions.
Yeah makes sense. I did that at first, but my back kept hurting (like a pinching feeling), so I kept dropping the weight until it was comfortable. 
that could be nerve impingement or herniation I'd recommend getting that checked as asap
Yw. I'm dealing with some permanent stuff because i didnt take it seriously so i try and put it out there.
RIP big fella
Unfortunately tho, he's one of the bodybuilders who really gave steroids a bad name. He was extremely open about his use and his death lead many to presume it was because of all the drugs.   Obviously they didn't help but theres many other factors to consider, and he shouldn't have been condemned the way he was 
Let's just be honest here... If he was clean, he'd still be alive 
In all likelihood he abbused the dhit out of steroids, especially orals from what I've heard
Really really
Makes me scared of die nabol
I love how in interviews he basically said you "need to have to constitution of a horse to handle the amount of drugs required in this sport". brutal honesty.
Do you have any of the interviews on hand? I love listening to bodybuilders who are honest regarding drug use.
Something something horse something Branch Warren
He went  batshit crazy with synthol in his shoulders, for 1 
lol Dorian is the one still preparing the pose, I have no idea why /u/ nzgs uses it for comparision. Also the fact that he had beef with the judges afterwards doesn't matter when we talk about the 97 Olympia.
Oh shit ur right. Why the fuck would he use that pic lol. I just assumed the guy in the actual pose - who obviously looks better - was the one he said looks vetter
He just had the bad luck to be in the greatest and most competitive era of bodybuilding.
Bad luck? Pretty lucky imo
How is it lucky for him? It is lucky for us who had the chance to see such a big competition but he could have definitely won a Olympia or two if he wasn't in such a brutal era.
Because Mr Coleman showed up in 98.  Arguably that late 90s to early/mid 00's was the most competitive era
His left lat looks bigger than the right. 
Looks like Dorian with bigger arms
Jesus fuck those lats
So was he really GH15?
Yes
GH was actually part of Nassers soul
My favorite "bodybuilder who never won the olympia" This is the dream
I fucking love Nasser, especially when he wears his glasses. The juxtaposition makes it even better.
Cutoff Jean short shorts ftw.
I met him once as a kid. Nice guy really.
Why was he DQ'd from the Olympia in 96? 
The best I could find was that he tested positive for a banned diuretics drug. 
Looks a bit like a super jacked Seinfeld
Eyebrows of peace
Anytime I see Nasser, I think of how he said Kovacs couldn't wipe his ass and would floss with a towel.
Meathead 
Jesus Christ, John.   You're verging on Big Ramy status with that RLS.   Fuck the 747, you're looking like a 777. 
Nothing to criticize really. I can't tell if your right shoulder is higher or if the camera is crooked
Pissening doesn't even begin describing it.
U know how hard it is to check out bulge gains on a RLS? 
Can I ask what your typical back routine looks like?  It's probably my weakest body part, feel like what I'm doing now (basically shit ton of volume) is helping, but still lookin' for dem wings.
So I do a 5 day split. I always start with Tbar rows with a long range of motion to get lose. Every other back day I'll do deadrifts or rack pulls. But not both and I will only deadlift heavy about twice a month. I do a lot of volume, but by no means do I go light. Typically do 3 variations of pull downs for 5 sets each.  Rarely do partial reps. Work full force thriugh the whole range of motion with a good squeeze when the muscle is at its shortest. Then I'll do either a seated row or a bent over row. Heavy, again with a full extension and contraction. Sometimes I'll super set that with pull overs or cable pull downs (like arms straight out in front pulling down to your waist while standing). Then almost always do single arm dumbell row.  And then I'll finish with a lighter weight isolation to really pump blood into the muscle. Either a seated lat isolation, or a row isolation.
Thanks man I appreciate it. Being tall, being wider is always going to be a focus for me.
Low angle
Your back is the shape of a pizza. I approve
It's a good thing you kept the shoes on. Locker room floors are sketch 
Not trying to get floor aids
fuuuuck
God damn
Mirin those rear delts and trapezius.
Traps bro. Not spreading ur lats fully tho. Shoulder mobility maybe?
I feel like you could spread it wider than that. Really try to open it up.
Huge ass shoulders
thicc
Solid gainz. Also stalked your insta youve got a sick physique. Manglorean Indian background by any chance? 
Goan Indian
Well it's always good to see a konkan  countryman on this site. If I was still in Melbourne and not Sydney definitely would be keen to get tips off you. Keep it up. 
Fuark you must make the best snow angels
Joff?
You got me brah xD just between me and you tho brah fuaahaha
What if you hopped on tren
Omfg he'd be a god
Must have flown away 
Look good m8
Much appreciated. 
Dem rear delts
I like the idea of you interrupting your meal to bust out a lat spread. Whatever it takes amirite
How tall are u friend?
5'5, 166 lbs in the new pic
Lookin solid
It looks like you are trying to outangle your lower half
I am, kinda.
sick love handles
Oh yeah, I got them barn-door love handles.
Sickening bulking goals right there
A fucking men
YES
But what if they actually started lifting when they were 13? Should they make their transformation posts with pics from age 16 with already 3 years of lifting? 
...yeah. because puberty isn't a magical transformation. they developed healthy habits at the appropriate age, followed through on them as they got older, and they got results. that's not a "journey" or a "transformation".
It's better than the transformation photos where dude has been working out for 3 months and nothing visible has changed except a haircut.
AMEN. When this happens, always ask the before and after height. This gives away how much was due to puberty
legit LOL'd at "always take 2 scoops" part
You just described my friend perfectly.
See? Putting on muscle fixes all your problems. 
picking up heavy things and eating chicken is a spiritual journey bro. doing it makes us better than everyone else so obviously we need to include a condescending and arrogant description or else how would they know?
preach
Is this done on purpose? I realize that it probably is but like you can pretty easily tell pics like this are from different distances. I dont think people are being fooled like "damn Ramy grew 5 inches and 100 pounds. Who knows though maybe they are
I believed in celltec back in the late 90s. I thought it would make me huge like greg kovacs.   It dident.  It's the closest I can get to believing in santa clause. 
Does kevins quad video count? Where he had his camera just straight on his skin pretty much?  Except everyone thought it proved something..  Yeah, hes healing, we saw that with his squat video. But you really cant see shit development wise without a clear side by side. Dude was pandering hard.
Kev's leg looked beastly in that zoomed in pic 
I fucking called it on the frank mgrath one, but you chumps downvoted me. Fuck you ALL
I usually just make sure my head is the same size
Gotta get dem horizontal gains /s
How do you do a front double biceps from the rear
Its rbb  people need to bitch about stuff
Because natty gear makes you bitchy.
Thank you kind wizard.
I see this all the time on IG and it's annoying af, you'll see "progress" and you're right it's basically a better angled pic or better lighting that makes them look bigger/better and anyone who knows anything about bodybuilding can see easily what is happening
On a related note, I hate when people post a transformation/cut before and after pic and people say "I liked the before better" or "before is bae." Like they asked for your dumbass opinion.
First of all what if they genuinely look better in their before picture? And second since they posted that pic on social media doesn't that mean that they are open to comments/critisicm? Or we are not allowed to say even the slightest negative thing on the internet in fear of hurt feelings?
No bro that doesn't make sense at all. You just don't accept that some people have different tastes and will find better looking the before part of a transformation of 150 lbs ripped to 165 lbs lean. Not all people like the same things.
Then they shouldn't say anything at all. It's incredibly rude to tell someone that their years of hard work were pointless simply because you prefer something different.
If someone is so easily offended and fragile then he should not post pictures of him in social media.
I do accept that. It's perfectly fine. But telling the person that doesn't do anything. They didn't lose/gain fat or muscle for your approval.
That happened when I posted a pic of my cousin who's lost over 200 lbs. Like fuck you guy, his stomach may not look amazing now but if you can't appreciate the difference and the work ethic it took to get there, I don't know what to tell ya.
You don't need work ethic to not weigh 350 pounds, you just need to not eat like a pig all the time.
Well yeah when you say it like that, but that's like saying an alcoholic just needs to stop drinking. They're basically addicted to food, it's their drug.
As an alcoholic that just stopped drinking, thats kinda what you need to do. Also, alcoholism has withdrawal symptoms, stopping being a fatass does not.
An alcoholic can just not drink,  we all have to eat. I'm a wretched alcoholic myself. If I Had to have one drink a day it would be a fucking disaster of epic proportions.   I really feel for people addicted to food.
Im pretty sure if u have an addiction to food you will have withdrawals if you go cold turkey on shit food
cry
They're just trying to show off that they got taller from the HGH, too.
I'm pretty sure everyone notices it and accounts for it already. If we couldn't, we would have a hard time telling distance.  Not every photo can be taken exactly the same, especially when they're not transformation photos, just people stitching together two photos from different times.
i'm sick of things too
excellent progress
You're sick and tired bc someone zoomed in on their own photos?Who cares. Critique on your form and diet as much as you critique someone just zooming in on a photo. 
Not a fan of his physique for some reason. 
If you are talking about Mc Grath then I don't agree with you at all, he looks great. However I think Sadik has a really weird build and I am not a fan of his physique at all too (talking about his stage condition not instagram pics).
Which is sadik?
It's possible if you're smart.
TIL Jeffy is smart.
Gotta be loyal too
I'll let you know if I'm smart then in like two months.
All the info you need is at your hands online. Literally just don't be lazy and go at it. You'll either love the stage or dislike it so why spend money you don't have if you might not even be hyped about it? If you do great and you had fun then maybe hire a coach for the next prep if you plan on making it a "career" choice. Honestly I have a coach for diet, she is smarter than I with nutrition and keeps me accountable. My training and posing I do on my own through research and just because I love bodybuilding. When I had a coach that made my workout routines it took a lot of fun away from bodybuilding for me. That's why I chose to do that stuff on my own. Posing is self expression, and training is supposed to be fun... cause if you aren't having fun, what's the point? 
I think a posing coach could be helpful if there is an agreement that they just give you instant feed back. You can't see yourself well from all angles. Would be nice to have extra eyes.  A trainer for lifting? Nah. Should know how to do that at that stage.
True, posing coach will probably be more down the road for me though to make those little corrections, but it also depends on your posing, if you're comfortable, if you more of a natural poser (know your body and how to pose correctly for your build) as far as training, it could help for new lifters. I was paying a guy for a meal plan and he sent me workout plan along with it which I didn't like. I believe like you said, it's best to learn proper form, and then mess around and see what works best for your body
At least get a posing coach. And practice the shit out of your poses even without the coach. It makes a world of difference. 
I think that's what I'll do, I hear that makes the biggest difference out of anything else 
Or invest in cameras and practice posing an hour a day. 
That's what I would/plan on doing.  Id rather watch and learn from the pros via youtube vs some washed up local.
I can guarantee that if you are well developed enough you will outshine guys that spend their entire paychecks on coaches and trainers.
If you're smart you don't need any of those, Dorian proved that. If you're a moron then yeah you need someone to tell you to eat fish and broccoli.
Jeffy doesn't have a coach and he does kinda good 
Not competitor yet, but I don't plan on hiring a coach. Going to compete in a year and by then I'll still be a broke student. As long as you practice and understand your body (nutrition, dietin down) you should be fine
Diet and workouts are in pretty good order i'd say, I'm consistent and eat the same thing day in day out. 
Pose everyday. Post on the mitin mondays and shit on me sundays to get free advice
You can read all the infos you need about it online but nothing can replace experience. You'll probably make a few mistakes but will learn from it. That's the advantage of having a coach , he has experiences.
I've been competing for the past 3 years without a coach, except for posing. If you want to get in good shape and look good, you can do that all by yourself. But when it comes to dialing it in for a show with conditioning, water, carb, and sodium balance, you need to get a coach. I always looked my best 2-3 weeks out and fuck up the last 3 days of the show somehow. I've only done 3 shows and landed 2nd, 4th, and 5th. 
Someone I know did and they placed 3rd in their first contest.
idk why everyone here is saying you need coaches, they're wrong. the best part of bodybuilding (and competing especially) is figuring out diet, how to cut, training etc on your own and finding what works for you. coaches are there for the extra edge or if you are trying to go pro or something. just practice posing every day in front of a camera, then watch the videos back and make corrections.   obviously you won't be as dialed in as some of the other guys, but you also didn't spend hundreds or thousands of dollars on a bunch of outside help. go for it dude, you'll do great. don't listen to these people who say you need some sort of something extra.
Thanks man, everyone is so negative. I'm gonna give it a shot. 
Well I guess that's kinda the point no? I mean I'm not a pro, I don't need a coach since I'm not planning to get there? If it goes well somehow and I see some sort of future in it then it would definitely be wise to invest in a coach 
I could myself and do very well for it, but thats also because I'm pretty intelligent and have experience with a lot of others
Won my class at a local show first time. I will never pay a coach, now posing classes yes 
Any tips you'd like to share? Pics of event shape? 
Learn your body. It takes several shows to perfect it. Everyone is different I got lucky.  Start with layne Nortons plan. I don't follow his peak week layout  And don't be a bitch and compete physique   And you need to start posing yesterday everyone fucks it up hard 
What's wrong with competing physique? That's exactly what I was going for 
It's for bitches and beta males. Be a man and compete BB
Don't listen to this guy. Compete in physique if thats what you feel is the best class for you.
Lol San Diego.... Probably the hardest place for physique I would imagine haha 
I did my first two shows by myself. Learning how to present your poses properly and learning how to diet properly are huge. I ended up winning both shows and the overall in the 2nd show...so it is definitely possible
Idk you'll probably end up looking like Goob, so I'd be careful 
I did it with just a posing coach and came out 3rd out of 12 guys. 
Any tips?
Risky
...what are you talking about? how could it possibly be risky if he's just doing it for fun? 
You wont come in at your best
I'd assume he's competing to win since winning is usually more fun than losing? Sure you can fuck up your first prep and use it as a learning experience, or skip that and hire someone who can tell you how to prep, but costs money.
If you're going to do a competition 'just to see what's it's all about' you're probably wasting your time. But of your dead set on it, then a coach isn't necessary. 
I mean I am dead set on it, dead set on  and being in shape. I eat the same boring food every single day, lift hard every day, never take days off unless it's part or my system or recomping.   I may be misunderstood here, it's not like I'm a complete noob wanting to do a show, I'm pretty well versed in weightlifting and want to know if I can not look stupid without a team of coaches.
what? how is he wasting his time by doing something that's fun for him? like bodybuilding is this special and exclusive endeavor, how dare someone step on stage if they don't want to make a career out of it... /s  the dummies on this sub with terrible genetics trying to go pro are the ones wasting their time. this guy just wants to do it for the experience.
I'm not saying to try to make a career out of it,  cool your jets.  I'm saying, it's a competition, either go to try to win or dnot go. Npc Competitions are flooded with people who compete for the wrong reasons. I'm just being honest with him.   Is that directed at me and my genetics?
nah nothing directed at you homie, i was not aware that you competed. i don't even know who you are lol (not a diss just don't recognize the username).  that mindset is good for guys like you who take it seriously, but for the beginners it's not a good way to go about it. 'well if i'm not gonna win what's the point in trying?'. winning really doesn't mean much considering how subjective the judging is in bodybuilding, you know as well as I plenty of guys come in looking great but don't place well because of whatever reasons. the experience of being on stage, trying to figure out diet/peak weak, tanning, etc all are things that people learn and get better at by competing. 
Ok,  I wasn't sure. But I understand what you're saying. I understand the placing arguement,  but that's one of the things outta your control. Where I was going with my point, is that there's an abundance of people that do shows, that arent there for the right reasons, whether it be social media attention, they want to fit in, or because they lost a whole bunch of weight and somehow competing proves something. It's just a disrespect to the other competitors who are there trying to do well, who brought a competitive package and really pushed their body.
ahhh ok, that is a good point. it certainly is disrespectful to just kind of show up without having done a good prep. but in this case, there is a difference between people doing it for attention/to make themselves feel better and OP, who is taking it seriously enough just doesn't have the money for coaching. i mean he's not gonna come in peeled to the dick or anything, but i'm sure he'll have a package that is plenty respectful to the spirit of the competition. he cares enough to ask for advice and is actually listening to people, i don't know what he looks like or his experience level but that alone shows his mind is in the right place. 
His dirty diana routine is my favorite 
Nothing tops the Grapefruit Routine though.
Dank meme brah. Dank. 
That worm. Killer
thought it was really great except for the worm and the headstand.
Yeah, that was a bit much.  
It's crazy how much his legs have grown since this.
And how much his hairline has receded.
God damn that back is magnificent. 
fokken silverback
The way his lats tie into his rear delts and traps is insane. Its something to behold
a true work of art
That's some baller ass shit 
seriously, that was beautiful.
Awesome physique too... Honestly find it hard to imagine elite bodybuilders before their mass prime, but damn. I'd be content looking like that for the rest of my life lol
Holy shit, I've never seen the younger Kai.   He's had some massive head gains since then. 
damn, you browsed /r/all until hitting the 200 upvote posts?
The oil catches the light better, highlighting the seperation between the muscles. That said, the video seems to have been filmed with a potato, making it look a bit worse than usual, and he seems to be wearing a bit too much oil. 
This sort of posing really does tread a fine line, I'll give you that. If you want bodybuilding to grow and become more than just a weird niche that most only vaguely know about then this is the sort of posing that needs to be embraced.
Yes, because most americans want to see a 300lb oiled up black guy in a thong dancing like a stripper. 
Well I know I sure as fuck do
Tbh I wouldn't doubt it, given his citrus-ridden past
He was though. He admits it
Damn I didn't know, makes a lot of sense 
He looks like a dancing orc
Yeah I was noticing that too. 
Is it lighting and the potato quality that makes his gut a little worse in this video?
am gay now
I'm really digging that rear glute spread 10 seconds in.
Dude is a epic artist.
He was so aesthetic when we has smaller. He got way too big and lost a lot of detail in the process.
i really liked Sadik's this year. this is awesome but kinda distracting if you are trying to win Mr. O in a serious manner
when he smiled i thought i was looking at a joocy tracy morgan
Turtle turtle 
I think you mean one of the gayest posing routines ever seen. Probably dedicated to his g4p sponsors. Bodybuilding isn't a gay robot dancing contest.
Why is this sub filled with so many haters and negative comments lmao. 
Best poising routine he ever did was the one where he fucked a grapefruit for money 
